## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
**WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549**
## FORM 10-K
**ANNUAL REPORT**
**PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(d)**
**OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934**

(MARK ONE)
È ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
**SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934**

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019

OR

‘ **TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES**
**EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934**
Commission file number 001-06462
# TERADYNE, INC.
**(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)**

**MASSACHUSETTS** **04-2272148**
**(State or Other Jurisdiction of** **(I.R.S. Employer**
**Incorporation or Organization)** **Identification Number)**

**600 RIVERPARK DRIVE**
**NORTH READING, MASSACHUSETTS** **01864**
**(Address of Principal Executive Offices)** **(Zip Code)**

**Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (978) 370-2700**

**Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:**

**Title of each class** **Trading Symbol(s)** **Name of each exchange on which registered**

Common Stock, par value $0.125 per share TER Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes È No ‘

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Exchange Act. Yes ‘ No È

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes È No ‘

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File to be submitted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes È No ‘

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a
smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting
company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (check one):

Large accelerated filer È Accelerated filer ‘ Non-accelerated filer ‘ Smaller reporting company ‘
Emerging growth company ‘

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition
period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the
Exchange Act. ‘

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act). Yes ‘ No È

The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 28, 2019 was approximately
$7.3 billion based upon the closing price of the registrant’s Common Stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market on that date.

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant’s only class of Common Stock as of February 24, 2020 was
166,784,497 shares.

**DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE**

Portions of the registrant’s proxy statement in connection with its 2020 annual meeting of shareholders are incorporated
by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.


-----

-----

**TERADYNE, INC.**

**INDEX**

**Page No.**

**PART I.**
Item 1. Business . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1
Item 1A. Risk Factors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
Item 2. Properties . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
Item 3. Legal Proceedings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22

**PART II.**
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases
of Equity Securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
Item 6. Selected Financial Data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation . . 24
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 107
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 107
Item 9B. Other Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 108

**PART III.**
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 109
Item 11. Executive Compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 109
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
Stockholder Matters . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 109
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . . . . . . . . . . . . . 109
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 109

**PART IV.**
Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 110
Item 16. Form 10-K Summary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 111
Signatures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 117


-----

-----

**TERADYNE, INC.**

**FORM 10-K**

**SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS**

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act. When used herein, the words “will,” “would,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “expect,”
“estimate,” “project,” “intend,” “may,” “see,” “target” and other words and terms of similar meaning are
intended to identify forward-looking statements although not all forward looking statements contain these
identifying words. Forward looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those
discussed in the section entitled “Risk Factors” of this annual report on Form 10-K and elsewhere, and in other
reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements which reflect management’s analysis only as of the date hereof and are
subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied.
Teradyne assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements for any reason, except as may be
required by law.

**PART I**

**Item 1:** **_Business_**

Teradyne, Inc. (“Teradyne”) was founded in 1960 and is a leading global supplier of automation equipment
for test and industrial applications.

We design, develop, manufacture and sell automatic test systems used to test semiconductors, wireless
products, data storage and complex electronics systems in the consumer electronics, wireless, automotive,
industrial, computing, communications, and aerospace and defense industries. Our industrial automation products
include collaborative robotic arms, autonomous mobile robots and advanced robotic control software used by
global manufacturing and light industrial customers to improve quality, increase manufacturing and material
handling efficiency and decrease manufacturing costs. Our automatic test equipment and industrial automation
products and services include:

-  semiconductor test (“Semiconductor Test”) systems;

-  defense/aerospace (“Defense/Aerospace”) test instrumentation and systems, storage test (“Storage
Test”) systems, and circuit-board test and inspection (“Production Board Test”) systems (collectively
these products represent “System Test”);

-  industrial automation (“Industrial Automation”) products; and

-  wireless test (“Wireless Test”) systems.

We have a customer base which includes integrated device manufacturers (“IDMs”), outsourced
semiconductor assembly and test providers (“OSATs”), original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”), wafer
foundries, fabless companies that design, but contract with others for the manufacture of integrated circuits
(“ICs”), developers of wireless devices and consumer electronics, manufacturers of circuit boards, automotive
suppliers, wireless product manufacturers, storage device manufacturers, aerospace and military contractors, and
distributors that sell collaborative robots, autonomous mobile robots and wireless test systems. The sales of our
products and services are dependent, to a large degree, on customers who are subject to cyclical trends in demand
for their products. These cyclical periods have had, and will continue to have, a significant effect on our business
because our customers often delay or accelerate purchases in reaction to changes in their businesses and to
demand fluctuations in the semiconductor, electronics and industrial automation industries. Historically, these
demand fluctuations have resulted in significant variations in our results of operations.


-----

The market for our test products is concentrated with a limited number of significant customers accounting
for a substantial portion of the purchases of test equipment. A few customers drive significant demand for our
products both through direct sales and sales to the customer’s supply partners. We expect that sales of our test
products will continue to be concentrated with a limited number of significant customers for the foreseeable
future.

In 2019, revenue in our test businesses exceeded our plan as a result of Semiconductor Test demand in
China, early 5G test investments and strength in our System Test businesses. The revenue growth of our
Industrial Automation business was below our plan. In 2020, we expect continued strong momentum in our test
businesses and improvement in the growth of our Industrial Automation businesses.

On February 26, 2018, we acquired Energid Technologies Corporation (“Energid”) for a total purchase price
of approximately $27.6 million. Energid’s technology enables and simplifies the programming of complex
robotic motions used in a wide variety of end markets, ranging from heavy industry to healthcare, utilizing both
traditional robots and collaborative robots. Energid is included in our Industrial Automation segment.

On April 25, 2018, we acquired Mobile Industrial Robots ApS (“MiR”), a Danish limited liability company.
MiR is a leading maker of collaborative autonomous mobile robots (“AMRs”) for industrial applications. The
total purchase price was approximately $197.8 million, which included cash paid of approximately
$145.2 million and $52.6 million in fair value of contingent consideration payable upon achievement of certain
thresholds and targets for revenue and earnings before interest and taxes through 2020. Contingent consideration
for 2018 was $30.8 million and was paid in March 2019. Contingent consideration for 2019 was $9.1 million and
is expected to be paid in March 2020. The remaining maximum contingent consideration that could be paid is
$63.2 million. MiR is included in our Industrial Automation segment.

On January 30, 2019, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Lemsys SA (“Lemsys”) for a
total purchase price of approximately $9.1 million. Lemsys strengthens our position in the electrification trends
of vehicles, solar, wind, and industrial applications. Lemsys is included in our Semiconductor Test segment.

On June 3, 2019, we invested $15.0 million in RealWear, Inc. (“RealWear”). RealWear, a private company,
develops and sells advanced wearable technology including industrial, hands-free, head-mounted augmented
reality devices that make the workplace safer and more productive. On February 28, 2020, RealWear’s debt
holder demanded repayment of its $25.0 million loan to RealWear. As a result, in the fourth quarter of 2019, we
recorded an impairment charge of $15.0 million to reduce our investment in RealWear to zero as of
December 31, 2019.

On November 13, 2019, we acquired 100% of the membership interests of AutoGuide, LLC (“AutoGuide”),
a maker of high payload AMRs, an emerging and fast growing segment of the global forklift market. The total
purchase price was approximately $81.7 million, which included cash paid of approximately $57.8 million and
$24.0 million in fair value of contingent consideration payable upon achievement of certain performance targets,
extending potentially through 2022. The maximum contingent consideration that could be paid is $106.9 million.
AutoGuide’s AMRs are used for material transport of payloads up to 4,500 kg in manufacturing, warehouse and
logistics applications. These products complement MiR’s lower payload products. AutoGuide is included in our
Industrial Automation segment.

**Investor Information**

We are a Massachusetts corporation incorporated on September 23, 1960. We are subject to the
informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (“Exchange Act”). We file periodic reports,
proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The SEC
maintains an internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other
information regarding issuers that file documents electronically.


-----

You can access financial and other information, including the charters of our Audit Committee,
Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, our Corporate Governance
Guidelines and Code of Conduct, by clicking the Investors link on our web site at www.teradyne.com. We make
available, free of charge, copies of our filings with the SEC, including our annual reports on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act through our web site as soon as reasonably practicable
after filing such material electronically or otherwise furnishing it to the SEC.

**Products**

**_Semiconductor Test_**

We design, manufacture, sell and support Semiconductor Test products and services on a worldwide basis.
The test systems we provide are used both for wafer level and device package testing. These chips are used in
automotive, industrial, communications, consumer, smartphones, and computer and electronic game applications,
among others. Semiconductor devices span a broad range of functionality, from very simple low-cost devices
such as appliance microcontrollers, operational amplifiers or voltage regulators to complex digital signal
processors and microprocessors as well as memory devices. Semiconductor Test products and services are sold to
IDMs that integrate the fabrication of silicon wafers into their business, “Fabless” companies that outsource the
manufacturing of silicon wafers, “Foundries” that cater to the processing and manufacturing of silicon wafers,
and OSATs that provide test and assembly services for the final packaged devices to both Fabless companies and
IDMs. Fabless companies perform the design of integrated circuits without manufacturing capabilities, and use
Foundries for wafer manufacturing and OSATs for test and assembly. These customers obtain the overall benefit
of comprehensively testing devices and reducing the total costs associated with testing by using our
Semiconductor Test systems to:

-  improve and control product quality;

-  measure and improve product performance;

-  reduce time to market; and

-  increase production yields.

Our FLEX Test Platform architecture advances our core technologies to produce test equipment that is
designed for high efficiency multi-site testing. Multi-site testing involves the simultaneous testing of many
devices in parallel. Leading semiconductor manufacturers are using multi-site testing to significantly improve
their “Cost of Test” economics. The FLEX Test Platform architecture addresses customer requirements through
the following key capabilities:

-  A high efficiency multi-site architecture that reduces tester overhead such as instrument setup,
synchronization and data movement, and signal processing;

-  The IG-XL[™] software operating system which provides fast program development, including instant
conversion from single to multi-site test; and

-  Broad technology coverage by instruments designed to cover the range of test parameters, coupled with
a universal slot test head design that allows easy test system reconfiguration to address changing test
needs.

FLEX Test Platform purchases are made by IDMs, OSATs, Foundries and Fabless customers. The FLEX
Test Platform has become a widely used test solution at OSATs by providing versatile testers that can handle the
widest range of devices, allowing OSATs to leverage their capital investments. The broad consumer, automotive
and broadband markets have historically driven most of the device volume growth in the semiconductor industry.
These markets include smartphones, cell phones, tablets, set top boxes, HDTVs, game controllers, computer
graphics, and automotive controllers to name a few. These end use markets continue to be drivers for the FLEX


-----

Test Platform family of products because they require a wide range of technologies and instrument coverage. In
2019, we introduced our next generation UltraFlex[Plus] tester, the newest member of the UltraFlex family,
UltraFlex[Plus] uses the new PACE[TM] architecture to deliver superior economics and fast time to market for
complex digital devices. The FLEX Test Platform has an installed base of more than 7,000 systems.

Our J750[™] test system shares the IG-XL software environment with the family of FLEX Test Platform
systems. The J750 is designed to address the highest volume semiconductor devices, such as microcontrollers,
that are central to the functionality of almost every consumer electronics product, from small appliances to
automobiles. J750 test systems combine compact packaging, high throughput and ease of production test. We
extended the J750 platform technology to create the IP750 Image Sensor[™] test system. The IP750 is focused on
testing image sensor devices used in smartphones and other imaging products. We have continued to invest in the
J750 platform with new instrument releases that bring new capabilities to existing market segments and expand
the J750 platform to new devices that include high end microcontrollers and the latest generation of cameras. The
J750 platform has an installed base of over 5,800 systems.

Our Magnum platform addresses the requirements of mass production test of memory devices such as flash
memory and DRAM. Flash and DRAM memory are widely used core building blocks in modern electronic
products finding wide application in consumer, industrial, and computing equipment. Magnum V, the newest
member of the family, is a next generation memory test solution designed for parallel memory test in the flash,
DRAM and multi-chip package markets. In 2019, we introduced a high-speed DRAM test version of our
Magnum platform called Magnum Epic giving us full product coverage of the memory test market. The Magnum
platform has an installed base of over 2,800 systems.

Our ETS platform is used by semiconductor manufacturers and assembly and test subcontractors, primarily
in the analog/mixed signal markets that cover more cost sensitive applications. Our proprietary SmartPin[™]
technology enables high efficiency multi-site testing, on an individual test system, permitting greater test
throughput. Semiconductors tested by ETS platform systems are incorporated into a wide range of products in
historically high-growth markets, including mobile devices, video/multimedia products, automotive electronics,
computer peripherals, and notebook and desktop computers. The newest products from the platform include the
ETS-88, a high performance multi-site production test system designed to test a wide variety of high volume
commodity and precision devices, and the ETS-800, a high performance multi-site production test system to test
high complexity power devices in automotive, industrial and consumer applications. The ETS platform has an
installed base of over 5,200 systems.

Lemsys SA, which we acquired in January 2019, has added a high power discrete device tester to our
portfolio of semiconductor testers. Lemsys’s testers address the emerging segment for high power discrete
devices used in electric vehicles, wind and solar power generation and other high power industrial applications.

**_System Test_**

Our System Test segment is comprised of three business units: Defense/Aerospace, Storage Test and
Production Board Test.

**_Defense/Aerospace_**

We are a leading provider of high performance test systems, subsystems, instruments and service for the
defense and aerospace markets. Our test products are used to ensure the readiness of military and commercial
aerospace electronics systems. New programs, such as tactical aircraft and missile systems, as well as upgrade
programs, continue to fuel the demand for high performance test systems in this market. Our test products are
well-suited to the demands of defense/aerospace electronics manufacturers and repair depots worldwide. Our
leadership in this market is underscored by our success with major Department of Defense programs across all
U.S. military service branches and many allied defense services worldwide.


-----

**_Storage Test_**

The Storage Test business unit addresses the high throughput, automated manufacturing test requirements of
hard disk drive (“HDD”) and solid state disk (“SSD”) manufacturers and semiconductor manufacturers. Our
products address the client and enterprise storage markets. The client market is driven by the needs of desktop,
laptop, and external HDD and SSD storage products. The enterprise market is driven by the needs of data centers
and cloud storage. In 2017, we developed a system level test product for the semiconductor production market,
called Titan. Titan is used to test devices following wafer and package test. The business unit’s products lead in
addressing customer requirements related to factory density, throughput and thermal performance.

**_Production Board Test_**

Our test systems are used by electronics manufacturers worldwide to perform In-Circuit-Test (“ICT”) and
device programming of printed circuit board assemblies. Fast, accurate and cost-effective test capabilities are
hallmark features of our Test Station and Spectrum ICT product families. We offer the Test Station in off-line
and automated in-line configurations. The automated in-line configurations address the growing requirements for
automating production lines for high volume applications, such as automotive electronics.

**_Industrial Automation_**

Our Industrial Automation segment is comprised of four business units: Universal Robots, Mobile Industrial
Robots, AutoGuide and Energid.

**_Universal Robots_**

Universal Robots, which was acquired in June 2015, is a leading supplier of collaborative robots, which are
low-cost, easy-to-deploy and simple-to-program robots that work side by side with production workers to
improve quality, increase manufacturing efficiency and decrease manufacturing costs. Collaborative robots are
designed to mimic the motion of a human arm and can be fitted with task specific grippers or fixtures to support
a wide range of applications. Universal Robots offers three collaborative robot models, the UR3, UR5, and
UR10, each with different weight carrying capacity and arm reach. All models are easily integrated into existing
production environments. Universal Robots’ products are differentiated by their:

-  easy programming using a graphical interface which allows users to program the collaborative robot in
a few hours;

-  flexibility and ease of use in allowing customers to change the task the collaborative robot is
performing as their production demands dictate;

-  safe operations as collaborative robots can assist workers in side by side production environments
requiring no special safety enclosures or shielding to protect workers; and

-  short payback period, on average less than 12 months.

In 2018, Universal Robots introduced its e-Series collaborative robots which include technology advances
that enable faster development of applications, greater precision and improved safety. Universal Robots offers
four e-Series collaborative robot models UR3e, UR5e, UR10e and UR16e that was launched in September 2019.

Cumulatively, Universal Robots has sold over 42,000 collaborative robots in diverse production
environments and applications.

**_Mobile Industrial Robots_**

MiR, which was acquired in April 2018, is a leading supplier of collaborative autonomous mobile robots
(“AMRs”), which are low-cost, easy-to-deploy and simple-to-program mobile robots that increase manufacturing


-----

and warehouse efficiency and decrease costs. Collaborative autonomous mobile robots are designed to move
material from point to point via autonomous navigation rather than the need for traditional mobile robot guidance
infrastructure such as painted or magnetic strips, and are designed to navigate safely around obstacles and people.
MiR offers four collaborative autonomous mobile robot models, the MiR100, MiR200, MiR500 and MiR 1000
(launched in May 2019) each with different payload carrying capacity. All models are easily integrated into
existing production environments. MiR’s products are differentiated by their:

-  easy programming using a graphical interface which allows users to program the collaborative robot in
a few hours;

-  ease of use, speed of deployment and flexibility in allowing customers to change the task as their
demands dictate;

-  reliable autonomous navigation over large manufacturing and warehouse areas; and

-  short payback period, on average 12–18 months.

Cumulatively, MiR has sold over 3,000 collaborative autonomous mobile robots in diverse production and
warehouse environments and applications.

**_Energid_**

Energid, which was acquired in February 2018, is a leading supplier of real-time advanced robot motion
control software, which automation suppliers use to coordinate the control of multiple automation axes for
performing tasks. Motion control software performs the complex mathematics and functions needed to enable
robot motion for tasks such as grasping and moving an object. Energid offers developer and run time licenses of
its Actin software. Actin is integrated by customers into the customers’ robot and automation solutions. Actin
products are differentiated by their:

-  highly flexible, adaptive, robot motion control; and

-  task optimized robotic path planning.

Cumulatively, Energid has sold over 500 Actin developer and run time licenses deployed in diverse
automation applications.

**_AutoGuide_**

AutoGuide, which was acquired in November 2019, is a maker of high payload AMRs, an emerging and fast
growing segment of the global forklift market. AutoGuide’s AMRs are used for material transport of payloads up
to 4,500 kg in manufacturing, warehouse and logistics applications. These products complement MiR’s lower
payload products.

Cumulatively, AutoGuide has sold over 150 autonomous mobile robots in diverse production and
warehouse environments and applications.

**_Wireless Test_**

Our acquisition of LitePoint in 2011 and ZTEC Instruments Inc. (“ZTEC”) in 2013 expanded our product
offerings in the wireless test market. Under the LitePoint brand name, these products provide test solutions
utilized in the development and manufacturing of wireless devices. The world’s leading makers of smartphones,
tablets, notebooks, laptops, peripherals, and Internet-of-Things (IoT) devices rely on LitePoint technology to
ensure their products get into consumer hands with high quality and high efficiency.

LitePoint hardware and software wireless test solutions are used in test insertions that span design
verification to high volume manufacturing and are deployed across the entire production eco-system from the


-----

wireless chipset suppliers to the consumer brands. Wireless devices are often tested at multiple points along the
manufacturing process that include insertions at component, system-in-package (“SiP”), module, PCB, SMT and
finished product stages.

Design verification is an important step in the development process for evaluating product performance
prior to starting production. As end market unit volumes have increased, the quantity of units and the amount of
data that must be analyzed for a successful product launch continues to grow. LitePoint products provide easy to
use, domain specific tools for rapid analysis of product performance. This helps to speed time to market.

In high volume manufacturing, before products are packaged and shipped, wireless test enables the
calibration of each individual product’s wireless performance to improve range, data throughput and battery life.
Testing also verifies product specifications for product quality control. As markets become increasingly
competitive, product performance and quality provide brand differentiation.

Wireless standards can be thought of in two categories, connectivity and cellular. Connectivity covers many
standards such as Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and GPS. LitePoint’s IQxel products cover emerging Wi-Fi standards such
as WiFi 6 (802.11ax) and includes a variety of other standards such as Bluetooth Classic, Bluetooth 5.0 and
Bluetooth low energy, Zigbee, Z-Wave, NFC, LoRa, GPS, GLONASS and others.

The IQxel product family’s high-performance wireless and multi-device testing economics is aligned with
the needs of networking equipment, Internet gateways, IoT products and embedded modules used in
smartphones, tablets, and PCs. In 2019, we introduced a new product in the IQxel family for testing 7GHz WiFi
devices. Another connectivity product, the IQnfc, addresses the growing use of NFC technology for payments
with mobile devices.

Cellular standards include 2G, 3G, 4G and emerging 5G mobile phone technologies. LitePoint’s IQxstream
is a multi-device production test optimized solution for high-speed testing of GSM, EDGE, CDMA2000,
TD-SCDMA, WCDMA, HSPA+, LTE-FDD, TD_LTE, and LTE-A, and 5G technologies. It is used for
calibration and verification of smartphones, tablets, small cell wireless gateways and embedded cellular modules.
The IQcell, is a multi-device cellular signaling test solution which enables user experience testing of LTE
cellular devices via over-the-air connections. The IQgig family provides test solution at the intermediary and
millimeter wave frequencies for 5G and 802.11ad. In 2018, we introduced a new product in the IQgig family for
testing mm-wave handsets.

To complement the test systems, LitePoint offers turnkey test software for over 350 of the most popular
wireless chipsets. These optimized solutions provide rapid development of high volume manufacturing solutions
with a minimum of engineering effort by customers.

**Sales and Distribution**

In 2019 and 2018, no single direct customer accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated revenues. In
2017, revenues from Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd. accounted for 13% of our
consolidated revenues. Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd. is a customer of our Semiconductor
Test segment. In each of the years, 2019, 2018 and 2017, our five largest direct customers in aggregate accounted
for 27%, 27% and 32% of our consolidated revenues, respectively.

OSAT customers, such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd., often purchase our test
systems based upon recommendations from OEMs, IDMs and Fabless companies. In all cases when an OSAT
customer purchases a test system from us, we consider the OSAT as the customer since credit risk, title and risk
of loss, among other things, are between Teradyne and the OSAT. We estimate consolidated revenues driven by
Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. (“Huawei”), combining direct sales to that customer with sales to the customer’s
OSATs, accounted for approximately 11%, 4% and 1% of our consolidated revenues in 2019, 2018 and 2017,


-----

respectively. We estimate consolidated revenues driven by another OEM customer, combining direct sales to that
customer with sales to the customer’s OSATs (which include Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company
Ltd.), accounted for approximately 10%, 13% and 22% of our consolidated revenues in 2019, 2018 and 2017,
respectively. The loss of, or significant decrease in demand from Huawei or this other OEM customer, or any of
our five largest direct customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition.

We have sales and service offices located throughout North America, Central America, Asia and Europe.
We sell in these areas predominantly through a direct sales force, except for Industrial Automation products,
which are sold through distributors. Our manufacturing activities are primarily conducted through subcontractors
and outsourced contract manufacturers with significant operations in China and Malaysia.

Sales to customers outside the United States were 85%, 87%, and 88%, respectively, of our consolidated
revenues in 2019, 2018 and 2017. Sales are attributed to geographic areas based on the location of the customer site.

See also “Item 1A: Risk Factors” and Note T: “Operating Segment, Geographic and Significant Customer
Information” in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

**Competition**

We face significant competition throughout the world in each of our reportable segments. Competitors in the
Semiconductor Test segment include, among others, Advantest Corporation and Cohu, Inc.

Competitors in the System Test segment include, among others, Keysight Technologies, Inc., Advantest
Corporation, Test Research, Inc. and SPEA S.p.A.

Competitors in our Industrial Automation segment include manufacturers of traditional industrial robots
such as KUKA Robotics Corporation, ABB, FANUC and Yaskawa Electric Corporation, companies with
emerging collaborative robot offerings such as Techman, Doosan, and AUBO Robotics, and manufacturers of
autonomous mobile robots such as Omron, Fetch, OTTO Motors, Vecna, Seegrid and Balyo.

Competitors in our Wireless Test segment include, among others, Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KG,
Anritsu Company, Keysight Technologies, Inc. and National Instruments Corporation.

Some of our competitors have substantially greater financial and other resources to pursue engineering,
manufacturing, marketing and distribution of their products. We also face competition from emerging Asian
companies and from internal suppliers at several of our customers. Some of our competitors have introduced or
announced new products with certain performance characteristics which may be considered equal or superior to
those we currently offer. We expect our competitors to continue to improve the performance of their current
products and to introduce new products or new technologies that provide improved cost of ownership and
performance characteristics. See also “Item 1A: Risk Factors.”

**Backlog**

At December 31, 2019 and 2018, our backlog of unfilled orders in our four reportable segments was as
follows:

**2019** **2018**

**(in millions)**
Semiconductor Test . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $543.2 $367.5
System Test . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 206.0 149.5
Wireless Test . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42.9 32.0
Industrial Automation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17.9 19.7

$810.0 $568.7


-----

Customers may delay delivery of products or cancel orders suddenly and without advanced notice, subject
to possible cancellation penalties. Due to possible customer changes in delivery schedules and cancellation of
orders, our backlog at any particular date is not necessarily indicative of the actual sales for any succeeding
period. Delays in delivery schedules or cancellations of backlog during any particular period could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

**Raw Materials**

Our products contain electronic and mechanical components that are provided by a wide range of suppliers.
Some of these components are standard products, while others are manufactured to our specifications. We can
experience occasional delays in obtaining timely delivery of certain items. While the majority of our components
are available from multiple suppliers, certain items are obtained from sole sources. We may experience a
temporary adverse impact if any of our sole source suppliers delay or cease to deliver products.

**Intellectual Property and Licenses**

The development of our products, both hardware and software, is based in significant part on proprietary
information, our brands and technology. We protect our rights in proprietary information, brands and technology
through various methods, such as:

-  patents;

-  copyrights;

-  trademarks;

-  trade secrets;

-  standards of business conduct and related business practices; and

-  technology license agreements, software license agreements, non-disclosure agreements, employment
agreements, and other agreements.

However, these protections might not be effective in all circumstances. Competitors might independently
develop similar technology or exploit our proprietary information and our brands in countries where we lack
enforceable intellectual property rights or where enforcement of such rights through the legal system provides an
insufficient deterrent. Also, intellectual property protections can lapse or be invalidated through appropriate legal
processes. We do not believe that any single piece of intellectual property or proprietary rights is essential to our
business.

**Employees**

As of December 31, 2019, we employed approximately 5,400 people. Since the inception of our business,
we have experienced no work stoppages or other labor disturbances.

**Environmental Affairs**

We are subject to various federal, state, and local government laws and regulations relating to the protection
of employee health and safety and the environment. We accrue for all known environmental liabilities when it
becomes probable that we will incur cleanup costs and those costs can reasonably be estimated. Estimated
environmental costs are not expected to materially affect the financial position or results of our operations in
future periods. However, estimates of future costs are subject to change due to protracted cleanup periods and
changing environmental remediation laws and regulations.


-----

**INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS**

Pursuant to General Instruction G (3) of Form 10-K, the following table is included in Part I of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K in lieu of being included in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders.
The table sets forth the names of all of our executive officers and certain other information relating to their
positions held with Teradyne and other business experience. Our executive officers do not have a specific term of
office but rather serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors.

**Executive Officer** **Age** **Position** **Business Experience for The Past 5 Years**

Mark E. Jagiela . . . . . . . . 59 Chief Executive Officer Chief Executive Officer since February 2014;
and President President of Teradyne since January 2013;
President of Semiconductor Test from 2003 to
February 2016; Vice President of Teradyne from
2001 to 2013.


Sanjay Mehta . . . . . . . . . 51 Vice President, Chief
Financial Officer and
Treasurer


Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer of Teradyne since April 2019; Senior
Vice President and General Manager of Compute
and XR Products at Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.
(“Qualcomm”) from June 2018 to March 2019;
President of Qualcomm’s semiconductor segment
(“QCT”) China from March 2016 to June 2018;
Senior Vice President Business Operations of QCT
at Qualcomm from November 2015 to March
2016; Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice
President, Sales Operations, of QCT at Qualcomm
from October 2010 to November 2015.


Charles J. Gray . . . . . . . . 58 Vice President, General Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of
Counsel and Secretary Teradyne since April 2009.

Bradford B. Robbins . . . . 61 President of Wireless President of Wireless Test since August 2014;
Test Chief Operating Officer of LitePoint Corporation
from 2012 to 2014; Vice President of Teradyne
since 2001.

Gregory S. Smith . . . . . . 56 President of President of Semiconductor Test since February
Semiconductor Test 2016; Vice President, SOC Business Group and
Marketing Manager for Semiconductor Test Group
from January 2014 to February 2016; Business
Unit Manager, Complex SOC Business Unit from
2009 to January 2014.


Walter G. Vahey . . . . . . . 55 Executive Vice
President, Business
Development

**Item 1A: Risk Factors**

**Risks Associated with Our Business**


Executive Vice President, Business Development
since December 2017; President of System Test
from July 2012 to December 2017; Vice President
of Teradyne since 2008; General Manager of
Storage Test from 2008 to December 2017;
General Manager of Production Board Test from
April 2013 to December 2017.


The risks described below are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not
currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition and/or operating results.

10


-----

**_Our business is impacted by global and industry-specific economic cycles, which are difficult to predict, and_**
**_actions we have taken or may take to offset these cycles may not be sufficient._**

Capital equipment providers in the electronics, semiconductor industries and industrial automation, such as
Teradyne, have, in the past, been negatively impacted by both sudden slowdowns in the global economies and
recurring cyclicality within those industries. These cycles have resulted in periods of over-supply; a trend we
believe will continue to occur. Our business and results of operations depend, in significant part, upon capital
expenditures of manufacturers of semiconductors electronics and other industrial products, which in turn depend
upon the current and anticipated market demand for those products. Disruption or deterioration in economic
conditions may reduce customer purchases of our products, thereby reducing our revenues and earnings. In
addition, such adverse changes in economic conditions, and resulting slowdowns in the market for our products,
may, among other things, result in increased price competition for our products, increased risk of excess and
obsolete inventories, increased risk in the collectability of our accounts receivable from our customers, potential
reserves for doubtful accounts and write-offs of accounts receivable, increased risk of restructuring charges, and
higher operating costs as a percentage of revenues, which, in each case and together, adversely affect our
operating results. We are unable to predict the likely duration, frequency and severity of disruptions in financial
markets, credit availability, and adverse economic conditions throughout the world, and we cannot ensure that
the level of revenues or new orders for a fiscal quarter will be sustained in subsequent quarters. We have taken
actions to address the effects of general economic variability and recurring industry cyclicality, including
implementing cost control and reduction measures. We cannot predict whether these measures will be sufficient
to offset global or market-specific disruptions that might affect our test businesses and we may need to take
additional or different measures in the future.

**_We are subject to intense competition._**

We face significant competition throughout the world in each of our reportable segments. Some of our
competitors have substantial financial and other resources to pursue engineering, manufacturing, marketing and
distribution of their products. We also face competition from emerging Asian companies and internal
development at several of our customers. Some of our competitors have introduced or announced new products
with certain performance characteristics that may be considered equal or superior to those we currently offer. We
expect our competitors to continue to improve the performance of their current products and to introduce new
products or new technologies that provide improved cost of ownership and performance characteristics. New
product introductions by competitors could cause a decline in revenues or loss of market acceptance of our
products.

**_The market for our products is concentrated, and our business depends, in part, on obtaining orders from a_**
**_few significant customers._**

The market for our products is concentrated with a limited number of significant customers accounting for a
substantial portion of the purchases of test equipment. In each of the years 2019, 2018 and 2017, our five largest
direct customers in aggregate accounted for 27%, 27% and 32% of consolidated revenues, respectively.

We estimate consolidated revenues driven by Huawei, combining direct sales to that customer with sales to
the customer’s OSATs, accounted for approximately 11%, 4% and 1% of our consolidated revenues in 2019,
2018 and 2017, respectively. We estimate consolidated revenues driven by another OEM customer, combining
direct sales to that customer with sales to the customer’s OSATs (which include Taiwan Semiconductor
Manufacturing Company Ltd.), accounted for approximately 10%, 13% and 22% of our consolidated revenues in
2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. In any one reporting period, a single customer or several customers may
contribute even a larger percentage of our consolidated revenues. In addition, our ability to increase sales will
depend, in part, on our ability to obtain orders from current or new significant customers. The opportunities to
obtain orders from these customers may be limited, which may impair our ability to grow revenues. We expect
that sales of our products will continue to be concentrated with a limited number of significant customers for the

11


-----

foreseeable future. The loss of a significant customer or any reduction in orders by these customers, including
reductions due to market or competitive conditions, such as we experienced in our Wireless Test segment, would
likely have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

**_Our operating results are likely to fluctuate significantly._**

Our operating results are affected by a wide variety of factors that could materially adversely affect
revenues or profitability. The following factors could impact future operations:

-  a worldwide economic slowdown or disruption in the global financial or industrial markets;

-  competitive pressures on selling prices;

-  our ability to introduce, and the market acceptance of, new products;

-  changes in product revenues mix resulting from changes in customer demand;

-  the level of orders received which can be shipped in a quarter because of the tendency of customers to
wait until late in a quarter to commit to purchase due to capital expenditure approvals and constraints
occurring at the end of a quarter, or the hope of obtaining more favorable pricing from a competitor
seeking the business;

-  engineering and development investments relating to new product introductions, and the expansion of
manufacturing, outsourcing and engineering operations in Asia;

-  provisions for excess and obsolete inventory relating to the lack of demand for and the discontinuance
of products;

-  impairment charges for certain long-lived and intangible assets, and goodwill;

-  an increase in the leasing of our products to customers;

-  disruption caused by health epidemics, such as the coronavirus outbreak;

-  our ability to expand our global distribution channel for our collaborative and mobile robots;

-  parallel or multi-site testing which could lead to a decrease in the ultimate size of the market for our
semiconductor and electronic test products; and

-  the ability of our suppliers and subcontractors to meet product quality or delivery requirements needed
to satisfy customer orders for our products, especially if consolidated revenues increase.

As a result of the foregoing and other factors, we have experienced and may continue to experience material
fluctuations in future operating results on a quarterly or annual basis which could materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition, operating results or stock price.

**_We are subject to risks of operating internationally._**

A significant portion of our total revenues is derived from customers outside the United States. Our
international sales and operations are subject to significant risks and difficulties, including:

-  unexpected changes in legal and regulatory requirements affecting international markets;

-  changes in tariffs and exchange rates;

-  social, political and economic instability, acts of terrorism and international conflicts;

-  disruption caused by health epidemics, such as the coronavirus outbreak;

-  difficulties in protecting intellectual property;

-  difficulties in accounts receivable collection;

12


-----

-  cultural differences in the conduct of business;

-  difficulties in staffing and managing international operations;

-  compliance with anti-corruption laws;

-  compliance with data privacy regulations;

-  compliance with customs and trade regulations; and

-  compliance with international tax laws and regulations.

In addition, an increasing portion of our products and the products we purchase from our suppliers are sourced
or manufactured in foreign locations, including China and Malaysia, and a large portion of the devices our products
test are fabricated and tested by foundries and subcontractors in Taiwan, China, Korea and other parts of Asia. As a
result, we are subject to a number of economic and other risks, particularly during times of political, health or
financial instability in these regions. Disruption of manufacturing or supply sources in these international locations
could materially adversely impact our ability to fill customer orders and potentially result in lost business.

**_The implementation of tariffs and export controls on our products may have a material impact on our_**
**_business._**

Our business operations and supply chain are global and may be disrupted by the implementation of tariffs
and export controls on our products.

In 2018, the United States Trade Representative imposed a 25% tariff on many products, including certain
Teradyne products that are made in China and imported into the United States. We have implemented operational
changes that mitigate the impact of the 25% tariff on the import of our impacted products into the United States.
As a result, we do not expect that the tariff will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operations.

Also in 2018, the United States Department of Commerce announced that it has commenced a review of
new export controls focusing on emerging and foundational technologies. While there is uncertainty as to the
technologies that will be covered, the new export controls could cover technologies used in one or more
Teradyne products and, therefore, could impact the sale of certain Teradyne products and have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

In addition to the actions taken by the United States, China has implemented retaliatory tariffs on products
made in the United States and imported into China, including certain Teradyne products. We have implemented
operational changes that mitigate the impact of the retaliatory tariffs. However, notwithstanding our efforts, the
retaliatory tariffs or other trade restrictions implemented by China could disrupt our business operations, sales
and supply chain and, therefore, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of
operations.

**_Trade regulations and restrictions could impact our ability to sell products to and support certain customers,_**
**_which may materially adversely affect our sales and results of operations._**

We are subject to U.S. laws and regulations that limit and restrict the export of some of our products and
services and may restrict our transactions with certain customers, business partners and other persons. In certain
circumstances, export control and economic sanctions regulations may prohibit the export of certain products,
services and technologies, and in other circumstances we may be required to obtain an export license before
exporting the controlled item. We must also comply with export restrictions and laws imposed by other countries
affecting trade and investments. We maintain an export compliance program but there are risks that the
compliance controls could be circumvented, exposing us to legal liabilities. Compliance with these laws has not

13


-----

significantly limited our sales, but could significantly limit them in the future. Changes in, and responses to, U.S.
trade policy could reduce the competitiveness of our products and cause our sales to drop, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

The U.S. government from time to time has issued export restrictions that prohibit U.S. companies from
exporting U.S. manufactured products, foreign manufactured products with more than 25% controlled U.S.
content, as well as U.S. origin technology. For example, the U.S. Department of Commerce has restricted the
access of U.S. origin technologies to certain Chinese companies by adding those companies to the Entity List
under U.S. Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”).

On May 16, 2019, Huawei and 68 of its affiliates, including HiSilicon, were added to the U.S. Department
of Commerce Entity List under the EAR. This action by the U.S. Department of Commerce imposes new export
licensing requirements on exports, re-exports, and in-country transfers of all U.S. regulated products, software
and technology to the designated Huawei entities. While most of our products are not subject to the EAR and
therefore not affected by the Entity List restrictions, certain of our products are currently manufactured in the
U.S. and thus subject to the Entity List restrictions. Compliance with the Entity List restrictions has not
significantly impacted our sales. In addition, the prohibition on transfers of U.S. origin technology to Huawei
could significantly limit our ability to service certain of our products sold to Huawei and our ability to engage in
product development activities with Huawei and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, Huawei’s inability to obtain products from other
companies in its supply chain may adversely impact Huawei’s demand for our products. Huawei or other foreign
customers affected by future U.S. government sanctions or threats of sanctions may respond by developing their
own solutions to replace our products or by adopting our foreign competitors’ solutions. Also, our controls
related to Entity List compliance could be circumvented, exposing us to legal liabilities. Even if such restrictions
are lifted, any financial or other penalties or continuing export restrictions imposed on Huawei could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

The U.S. Department of Commerce is seeking to modify the U.S. EAR to expand the scope of the
regulations to include more products that would become subject to the Entity List restrictions relating to Huawei
and the designated Huawei entities including HiSilicon. These modified regulations, if implemented as currently
reported, would impact our ability to continue to sell certain products directly to Huawei and HiSilicon, both of
which are significant Teradyne customers. However, based on our understanding, these proposed modified
regulations would not impact our sales to third party contract manufacturers used by Huawei and HiSilicon to
manufacture and test semiconductor and other electronic devices. Because the business environment for Huawei
is both fluid and uncertain, there are also risks that Huawei and HiSilicon may have less demand for our products
and/or may purchase products from our competitors who are not impacted by the U.S. regulations. Until these or
any new regulations become public and effective, we will not know the extent of the impact on our business with
Huawei and HiSilicon. However, it is possible that these modified regulations and any other additional
regulations that may be implemented by the U.S. Department of Commerce or other government agency would
have a material impact on our business and financial results.

**_If we fail to develop new technologies to adapt to our customers’ needs and if our customers fail to accept our_**
**_new products, our revenues will be adversely affected._**

We believe that our technological position depends primarily on the technical competence and creative
ability of our engineers. In a rapidly evolving market, such as ours, the development or acquisition of new
technologies, commercialization of those technologies into products and market acceptance and customer
demand for those products are critical to our success. Successful product development or acquisition,
introduction and acceptance depend upon a number of factors, including:

-  new product selection;

-  ability to meet customer requirements including with respect to safety and cyber security;

14


-----

-  development of competitive products by competitors;

-  timely and efficient completion of product design;

-  timely and efficient implementation of manufacturing and manufacturing processes;

-  timely remediation of product performance issues, if any, identified during testing;

-  assembly processes and product performance at customer locations;

-  differentiation of our products from our competitors’ products;

-  management of customer expectations concerning product capabilities and product life cycles;

-  transition of customers to new product platforms;

-  compliance with product safety regulations;

-  ability to protect products from cyber attacks when used by our customers;

-  ability to attract and retain technical talent; and

-  innovation that does not infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties.

**_We may be subject to product recalls and warranty and product liability claims._**

We invest significant resources in the design, manufacture and testing of our products. However, we may
discover design or manufacturing defects in our products after they have been shipped and, as a result, we may
incur development and remediation costs and be required to settle warranty and product liability claims. In
addition, if any of our products contain defects or have reliability, quality or safety issues, we may need to
conduct a product recall which could result in significant repair or replacement costs and substantial delays in
product shipments and may damage our reputation which could make it more difficult to sell our products. Any
of these results could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.

**_If our suppliers do not meet product or delivery requirements, we could have reduced revenues and earnings._**

Certain components, including semiconductor chips, may be in short supply from time to time because of
high industry demand or the inability of some vendors to consistently meet our quality or delivery requirements.
If any of our suppliers were to cancel contracts or commitments or fail to meet the quality or delivery
requirements needed to satisfy customer orders for our products, we could lose time-sensitive customer orders,
have significantly decreased revenues and earnings and be subject to contractual penalties, which would have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we rely on
contract manufacturers for certain subsystems used in our products, and our ability to meet customer orders for
those products depends upon the timeliness and quality of the work performed by these subcontractors, over
whom we do not exercise any control.

To a certain extent, we are dependent upon the ability of our suppliers and contractors to help meet
increased product or delivery requirements. It may be difficult for certain suppliers to meet delivery requirements
in a period of rapid growth, therefore impacting our ability to meet our customers’ demands.

Our suppliers are subject to trade regulations, including tariffs and export restrictions imposed by the United
States government and by the governments of other countries. These regulations could impact our suppliers’
ability to provide us with components for our products or could increase the price of those components.

We rely on the financial strength of our suppliers. There can be no assurance that the loss of suppliers either
as a result of financial viability, bankruptcy or otherwise will not have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations or financial condition.

**_Our operations may be adversely impacted if our outsourced contract manufacturers or service providers fail_**
**_to perform._**

We depend on Flex Ltd. (“Flex”) to manufacture and test our FLEX and J750 family of products from its
facility in China, Plexus Corp. (“Plexus”) to manufacture and test our Magnum and ETS family of products from

15


-----

its facility in Malaysia, and on other contract manufacturers to manufacture other products. If for any reason
these contract manufacturers cannot provide us with these products in a timely fashion, or at all, we may not be
able to sell these products to our customers until we enter a similar arrangement with an alternative contract
manufacturer. The Flex facility in China may be impacted by the ongoing trade dispute between the United
States and China, by regulations implemented by the United States or China, or disruption caused by health
epidemics, such as the coronavirus outbreak.

If we experience a problem with our supply of products from Flex or our other contract manufacturers, it
may take us significant time to either manufacture the product or find an alternate contract manufacturer, which
could result in substantial expense and disruption to our business.

We have also outsourced certain general and administrative functions to reputable service providers, many
of which are in foreign countries, sometimes impacting communication with them because of language and time
differences. Their presence in foreign countries also increases the risk they could be exposed to political risk.
Additionally, there may be difficulties encountered in coordinating the outsourced operations with existing
functions and operations. If we fail in successfully coordinating and managing the outsourced service providers,
it may cause an adverse effect on our operations which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations or financial condition.

**_We may not fully realize the benefits of our acquisitions or strategic alliances._**

In June 2015, we acquired Universal Robots, in 2018, we acquired Energid and MiR and, in 2019, we
acquired Lemsys and AutoGuide. We may not be able to realize the benefit of acquiring or successfully growing
these businesses. We may continue to acquire additional businesses, form strategic alliances or create joint
ventures with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our existing businesses. We may not be
able to realize the expected synergies and cost savings from the integration with our existing operations of other
businesses or technologies that we may acquire. In addition, the integration process for our acquisitions may be
complex, costly and time consuming and include unanticipated issues, expenses and liabilities. We may have
difficulty in developing, manufacturing and marketing the products of a newly acquired company in a manner
that enhances the performance of our combined businesses or product lines and allows us to realize value from
expected synergies. Following an acquisition, we may not achieve the revenue or net income levels that justify
the acquisition. Acquisitions may also result in one-time charges (such as acquisition-related expenses, write-offs
or restructuring charges) or in the future, impairment of goodwill or acquired intangible assets that adversely
affect our operating results. Additionally, we may fund acquisitions of new businesses, strategic alliances or joint
ventures by utilizing our cash, incurring debt, issuing shares of our common stock, or by other means.

**_We may incur significant liabilities if we fail to comply with environmental regulations._**

We are subject to both domestic and international environmental regulations and statutory strict liability
relating to the use, storage, discharge, site cleanup and disposal of hazardous chemicals used in our
manufacturing processes. If we fail to comply with present and future regulations, or are required to perform site
remediation, we could be subject to future liabilities or cost, including penalties or the suspension of production.
Present and future regulations may also:

-  restrict our ability to expand facilities;

-  restrict our ability to ship certain products;

-  require us to modify our operations logistics;

-  require us to acquire costly equipment; or

-  require us to incur other significant costs and expenses.

Pursuant to present regulations and agreements, we are conducting groundwater and subsurface assessment
and monitoring and are implementing remediation and corrective action plans for facilities located in

16


-----

Massachusetts and New Hampshire which are no longer conducting manufacturing operations. As of
December 31, 2019, we have not incurred material costs as a result of the monitoring and remediation steps taken
at the Massachusetts and New Hampshire sites.

On January 27, 2003, the European Union adopted the following directives: (i) the directive on the
Restriction of the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment (the “RoHS
Directive”); and (ii) the directive on Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (the “WEEE Directive”). The
WEEE Directive became effective August 13, 2005 and the RoHS Directive became effective on July 6, 2006.
Both the RoHS Directive and the WEEE Directive alter the form and manner in which electronic equipment is
imported, sold and handled in the European Union. Other jurisdictions, such as China, have followed the
European Union’s lead in enacting legislation with respect to hazardous substances and waste removal. Ensuring
compliance with the RoHS Directive, the WEEE Directive and similar legislation in other jurisdictions, and
integrating compliance activities with our suppliers and customers could result in additional costs and disruption
to operations and logistics and thus, could have a negative impact on our business, operations or financial
condition.

**_We currently are, and in the future may be, subject to litigation or regulatory proceedings that could have an_**
**_adverse effect on our business._**

From time to time, we may be subject to litigation or other administrative, regulatory or governmental
proceedings, including tax audits and resulting claims that could require significant management time and
resources and cause us to incur expenses and, in the event of an adverse decision, pay damages or incur costs in
an amount that could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.

**_Third parties may claim we are infringing their intellectual property and we could suffer significant litigation_**
**_costs, licensing expenses or be prevented from selling our products._**

We have been sued for patent infringement in the past and receive notifications from time to time that we
may be in violation of patents held by others. An assertion of patent infringement against us, if successful, could
have a material adverse effect on our ability to sell our products or it could force us to seek a license to the
intellectual property rights of others or alter such products so that they no longer infringe the intellectual property
rights of others. A license could be very expensive to obtain or may not be available at all. Similarly, changing
our products or processes to avoid infringing the rights of others may be costly or impractical. Additionally,
patent litigation could require a significant use of management resources and involve a lengthy and expensive
defense, even if we eventually prevail. If we do not prevail, we might be forced to pay significant damages,
obtain licenses, modify our products, or stop making our products; each of which could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition, operating results or cash flows.

**_If we are unable to protect our intellectual property (“IP”), we may lose a valuable asset or may incur costly_**
**_litigation to protect our rights._**

We protect the technology that is incorporated in our products in several ways, including through patent,
copyright, trademark and trade secret protection and by contractual agreement. However, even with these
protections, our IP may still be challenged, invalidated or subject to other infringement actions. While we believe
that our IP has value in the aggregate, no single element of our IP is in itself essential. If a significant portion of
our IP is invalidated or ineffective, our business could be materially adversely affected.

**_We may incur higher tax rates than we expect and may have exposure to additional international tax liabilities_**
**_and costs._**

We are subject to paying income taxes in the United States and various other countries where we operate.
Our effective tax rate is dependent on where our earnings are generated and the tax regulations and the

17


-----

interpretation and judgment of administrative tax or revenue authorities in the United States and other countries.
We have pursued a global tax strategy which could be adversely affected by the mix of earnings and tax rates in
the countries where we operate, changes to tax laws, tax regulations or an adverse tax ruling by administrative
authorities. We are also subject to tax audits in the countries where we operate. Any material change in our tax
liability resulting from changes in tax laws, tax regulations, administrative ruling or from an audit from an
administrative tax or revenue authority could negatively affect our financial results.

As a multinational corporation, we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, in both
the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. In certain foreign jurisdictions, we qualify for tax incentives
and tax holidays based on our ability to meet, on a continuing basis, various tests relating to our employment
levels, research and development expenditures and other qualification requirements in a particular foreign
jurisdiction. While we intend to operate in such a manner to maintain and maximize our tax incentives, no
assurance can be given that we have so qualified or that we will so qualify for any particular year or jurisdiction.
If we fail to qualify and to remain qualified for certain foreign tax incentives and tax holidays, we may be subject
to further taxation or an increase in our effective tax rate which would adversely impact our financial results. In
December 2015, we entered into an agreement with the Singapore Economic Development Board which
extended our Singapore tax holiday under substantially similar terms to the agreement which expired on
December 31, 2015. The new tax holiday is scheduled to expire on December 31, 2020. The tax savings
attributable to the Singapore tax holiday for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 were
$15.1 million or $0.08 per diluted share, $11.9 million or $0.06 per diluted share and $24.8 million or $0.12 per
diluted share, respectively. These tax savings may not be achievable in subsequent years due to changes in
Singapore’s tax laws or the expiration of the tax holiday.

In addition, we may incur additional costs, including headcount expenses, in order to maintain or obtain a
foreign tax incentive in a particular foreign jurisdiction.

**_We have significant guarantees, indemnification and customer confidentiality obligations._**

From time to time, we make guarantees to customers regarding the delivery, price and performance of our
products and guarantee certain indebtedness, performance obligations or lease commitments of our subsidiary
and affiliate companies. We also have agreed to provide indemnification to our officers, directors, employees and
agents, to the extent permitted by law, arising from certain events or occurrences while the officer, director,
employee or agent, is or was serving at our request in such capacity. Additionally, we have confidentiality
obligations to certain customers and if breached would require the payment of significant penalties. If we become
liable under any of these obligations, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or
operating results. For additional information see Note M: “Commitments and Contingencies—Guarantees and
Indemnification Obligations” in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

**_We may discontinue or reduce our quarterly cash dividend or share repurchase program._**

In January 2014, our Board of Directors initiated a quarterly cash dividend of $0.06 per share. Our Board of
Directors increased our quarterly cash dividend to $0.07 per share in January 2017, to $0.09 per share in January
2018 and to $0.10 per share in January 2020. In January 2018, our Board of Directors approved a $1.5 billion
share repurchase authorization. In 2019 and 2018, we repurchased $500 million and $823 million of common
stock, respectively. In January 2020, our Board of Directors approved a new $1.0 billion share repurchase
authorization and cancelled the 2018 authorization. We intend to repurchase a minimum of $250 million in 2020.
Holders of our common stock are only entitled to receive dividends when and if they are declared by our Board
of Directors. Future cash dividends and share repurchases are subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors
and will depend, among other things, upon our earnings, capital requirements and financial condition. While we
have declared a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock and authorized a share repurchase program, we are
not required to do either and may reduce or eliminate our cash dividend or share repurchase program in the

18


-----

future. The reduction or elimination of our cash dividend or our share repurchase program could adversely affect
the market price of our common stock.

**_We have incurred indebtedness and may incur additional indebtedness._**

On December 12, 2016, we completed a private offering of $460.0 million aggregate principal amount of
1.25% convertible senior unsecured notes (the “Notes”) due December 15, 2023 and received net proceeds, after
issuance costs, of approximately $450.8 million, $33.0 million of which was used to pay the net cost, after being
partially offset by proceeds from the sale of the warrants, of the convertible note hedge transactions and
$50.1 million of which was used to repurchase 2 million shares of our common stock. Holders of the Notes may
require us to repurchase the Notes upon the occurrence of certain fundamental changes involving us or the
holders may elect to convert into shares of our common stock.

The issuance of the Notes and any additional indebtedness, among other things, could:

-  make it difficult to make payments on this indebtedness and our other obligations;

-  make it difficult to obtain any necessary future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt
service requirements or other purposes;

-  require the dedication of a substantial portion of any cash flow from operations to service for
indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of cash flow available for other purposes, including capital
expenditures; and

-  limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industries in which
we compete.

On April 27, 2015, we entered into a five-year, senior secured revolving credit facility of up to
$350.0 million, which was terminated on June 27, 2019.

**_Our convertible note hedge and warrant transactions could impact the value of our stock._**

Concurrent with the offering of the Notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions (the “Note
Hedge Transactions”) with the initial purchasers or their affiliates (the “Option Counterparties”). The Note
Hedge Transactions cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, the number of shares of our common
stock that underlie the Notes, with a strike price equal to the conversion price of the Notes of $31.62. The Note
Hedge Transactions cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, approximately 14.5 million shares of
our common stock.

Separately and concurrent with the pricing of the Notes, we entered into warrant transactions with the
Option Counterparties (the “Warrant Transactions”) in which we sold net-share-settled (or, at our election subject
to certain conditions, cash-settled) warrants to the Option Counterparties. The Warrant Transactions cover,
subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, approximately 14.5 million shares of our common stock. The
strike price of the warrants is $39.68 per share. The Warrant Transactions could have a dilutive effect to our
common stock to the extent that the market price per share of our common stock, as measured under the terms of
the Warrant Transactions, exceeds the applicable strike price of the warrants.

The Note Hedge Transactions are expected to reduce the potential dilution to our common stock upon any
conversion of the Notes. However, the Warrant Transactions could separately have a dilutive effect to the extent
that the market value per share of our common stock exceeds the applicable strike price of the warrants. The net
cost of the Note Hedge Transactions, after being partially offset by the proceeds from the sale of the warrants,
was approximately $33.0 million.

In connection with establishing their initial hedge of these convertible note hedge and warrant transactions,
the Option Counterparties have entered into various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock

19


-----

and/or purchase shares of our common stock or other securities, including the Notes, concurrent with, or shortly
after, the pricing of the Notes. In addition, the Option Counterparties may modify their hedge positions by
entering into or unwinding various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock or by selling our
common stock or other securities, including the Notes, in secondary market transactions (and may do so during
any observation period related to the conversion of the Notes). These activities could adversely impact the value
of our common stock and the Notes.

**_We may not be able to pay our debt and other obligations._**

If our cash flow is inadequate to meet our obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems. If we
are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or otherwise obtain funds necessary to make required payments on the
Notes or certain of our other obligations, we would be in default under the terms thereof, which would permit the
holders of those obligations to accelerate their maturity and also could cause defaults under future indebtedness
we may incur. Any such default could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial
position and operating results. In addition, we cannot be certain that we would be able to repay amounts due on
the Notes if those obligations were to be accelerated following the occurrence of any other event of default as
defined in the instruments creating those obligations, or if the holders of the Notes require us to repurchase the
Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change involving us. Moreover, we cannot be certain that we will
have sufficient funds or will be able to arrange for financing to pay the principal amount due on the Notes at
maturity.

**_Our business may suffer if we are unable to attract and retain key employees._**

Competition for employees with skills we require is intense in the high technology industry. Our success
will depend on our ability to attract and retain key technical employees. The loss of one or more key or other
employees, a decrease in our ability to attract additional qualified employees, or the delay in hiring key personnel
could each have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.

**_Our operations, and the operations of our customers and suppliers, are subject to risks of natural catastrophic_**
**_events, widespread health epidemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks and the threat of domestic and international_**
**_terrorist attacks, any one of which could result in cancellation of orders, delays in deliveries or other business_**
**_activities, or loss of customers and could negatively affect our business and results of operations._**

Our business is international in nature, with our sales, service and administrative personnel and our
customers and suppliers located in numerous countries throughout the world. Our operations, and those of our
customers and suppliers, are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons, including work stoppages, acts of war,
terrorism, health epidemics, fires, earthquakes, hurricanes, volcanic eruptions, energy shortages,
telecommunication failures, tsunamis, flooding or other natural disasters. Such disruption could materially
increase our costs and expenses as well as cause delays in, among other things, shipments of products to our
customers, our ability to perform services requested by our customers, or the installation and acceptance of our
products at customer sites. Any of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations.

Commencing in early February 2020, the coronavirus outbreak has resulted in disruption to our business
operations in China, including increased travel restrictions and the extended closing of certain of our offices. At
this time, the disruption has not had a material adverse impact on our business. If the spread of the virus
continues and disruption in China or elsewhere worsens, our business may be materially impacted.

**_A breach of our operational or security systems could negatively affect our business and results of operations._**

We rely on various information technology networks and systems to process, transmit and store electronic
information, including proprietary and confidential data, and to carry out and support a variety of business

20


-----

activities, including manufacturing, research and development, supply chain management, sales and accounting.
We have experienced several attempted cyber-attacks of our network. None of the attempted attacks has caused a
disruption to our operations or had a material adverse effect on our business or financial results. As a result of the
attempts, we have taken further preventive security measures to protect our systems. Despite these preventative
security measures we have implemented, we may continue to be vulnerable to attempts by third parties to gain
unauthorized access to our networks or sabotage our systems. These attempts, which might be related to criminal
hackers, industrial espionage or state-sponsored intrusions, include trying to covertly introduce malware to our
computers, networks and systems and impersonating authorized users. In addition, third party suppliers and
service providers that we rely on to manage our networks and systems and process and store our proprietary and
confidential data may also be subject to similar attacks. Such attempts could result in the misappropriation, theft,
misuse, disclosure or loss or destruction of the intellectual property, or the proprietary, confidential or personal
information, of Teradyne or our employees, customers, suppliers or other third parties, as well as damage to or
disruptions in our information technology networks and systems. These threats are constantly evolving, thereby
increasing the difficulty of defending against them or implementing adequate preventative measures. While we
seek to detect and investigate all security incidents and to prevent their recurrence, attempts to gain unauthorized
access to our information technology networks and systems may be successful, and in some cases, we might be
unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. A failure in or a breach of our operational or security
systems or infrastructure, or those of our suppliers and other service providers, including as a result of cyberattacks, could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial results, disrupt our business, result in
the disclosure or misuse of proprietary or confidential information, damage our reputation, cause losses and
increase our costs. We expect to continue to devote significant resources to the security of our information
technology networks and systems.

**_We may face risks associated with shareholder activism._**

Publicly traded companies are subject to campaigns by shareholders advocating corporate actions such as
financial restructuring, increased borrowing, special dividends, stock repurchases or divestitures. We may
become subject in the future to such shareholder activity and demands. Such activities could interfere with our
ability to execute our business plans, be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our operations, divert the attention of
management or result in our initiating borrowing or increasing our share repurchase plan or dividend, any of
which could have an adverse effect on our business or stock price.

**_Provisions of our charter and by-laws and Massachusetts law may make a takeover of Teradyne more_**
**_difficult._**

There are provisions in our basic corporate documents and under Massachusetts law that could discourage,
delay or prevent a change in control, even if a change in control may be regarded as beneficial to some or all of
our stockholders.

**Item 1B: Unresolved Staff Comments**

None.

**Item 2:** **_Properties_**

Our corporate headquarters is located in North Reading, Massachusetts in buildings that we own consisting
of approximately 422,000 square feet. We conduct manufacturing, engineering, sales and marketing, service,
corporate administration and other operations in many locations worldwide. We own approximately 600,000
square feet and lease over 1,400,000 square feet of office space for these operations. We believe our existing
facilities and planned expansions noted below are adequate to meet our current and reasonably foreseeable
requirements. We regularly evaluate our expected facility needs and periodically makes adjustments based on
these evaluations. During the next two years, we plan to purchase property and build new buildings in Odense,
Denmark for our robotics operations and in San Jose, Costa Rica for our service and manufacturing operations.

21


-----

**Item 3:** **_Legal Proceedings_**

We are subject to legal proceedings, claims and investigations that arise in the ordinary course of business
such as, but not limited to, patent, employment, commercial and environmental matters. We believe that we have
meritorious defenses against all pending claims and intend to vigorously contest them. While it is not possible to
predict or determine the outcomes of any pending claims or to provide possible ranges of losses that may arise,
we believe the potential losses associated with all of these actions are unlikely to have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.

**Item 4:** **_Mine Safety Disclosure_**

Not Applicable.

22


-----

**PART II**

**Item 5:** **_Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of_**
**_Equity Securities_**

Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol “TER”.

See “Item 7: Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” for
information on the frequency and amounts of our quarterly cash dividends, equity compensation plans and
performance graph.

The following table includes information with respect to repurchases we made of our common stock during
the three months ended December 31, 2019 (in thousands except per share price):


**(d) Maximum Number**
**(or Approximate Dollar**
**Value) of Shares (or**
**Units) that may Yet Be**
**Purchased Under the**
**Plans or Programs**


**(a) Total**
**Number of**
**Shares**
**(or Units)**
**Purchased**


**(c) Total Number of**
**Shares (or Units)**
**Purchased as Part of**
**Publicly Announced**
**Plans or Programs**


**(b) Average**
**Price Paid per**
**Share (or Unit)**


**Period**


September 30, 2019 – October 27, 2019 . . . . . . 757 $59.49 756 $262,786
October 28, 2019 – November 24, 2019 . . . . . . 690 $63.81 689 $218,846
November 25, 2019 – December 31, 2019 . . . . 658 $64.38 657 $176,522

2,105(1) $62.43(1) 2,102

(1) Includes approximately three thousand shares at an average price of $60.44 withheld from employees for the
payment of taxes.

We satisfy U.S. federal and state minimum withholding tax obligations due upon the vesting and the
conversion of restricted stock units into shares of our common stock, by automatically withholding from the
shares being issued, a number of shares with an aggregate fair market value on the date of such vesting and
conversion that would satisfy the minimum withholding amount due.

**Item 6:** **_Selected Financial Data_**

**Years Ended December 31,**

**2019** **2018** **2017** **2016** **2015**

**(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)**
Consolidated Statement of Operations
Data (1)(2)(3)(4)(5):
Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $2,294,965 $2,100,802 $2,136,606 $1,753,250 $1,639,578

Net income (loss) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 467,468 $ 451,779 $ 257,692 $ (43,421) $ 206,477

Net income (loss) per common
share-basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 2.74 $ 2.41 $ 1.30 $ (0.21) $ 0.98

Net income (loss) per common
share-diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 2.60 $ 2.35 $ 1.28 $ (0.21) $ 0.97

Cash dividend declared per common
share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 0.36 $ 0.36 $ 0.28 $ 0.24 $ 0.24

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $2,787,014 $2,706,606 $3,109,545 $2,762,493 $2,548,674

Long-term debt obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 394,687 $ 379,981 $ 365,987 $ 352,669 $ —

23


-----

(1) The year ended December 31, 2019 includes a $26.0 million tax benefit from the release of uncertain tax
position reserves due to the IRS completion of its audit of our 2015 Federal tax return, a $15.0 million
charge for the impairment of the investment in RealWear, $8.2 million of pension actuarial losses, and the
results of operations of Lemsys and AutoGuide from January 30, 2019 and November 13, 2019,
respectively.
(2) The year ended December 31, 2018 includes $49.5 million of tax benefit related to the finalization of the
U.S. transition tax liability, $3.3 million of pension actuarial gains, and the results of operations of Mobile
Industrial Robots and Energid from April 25, 2018 and February 26, 2018, respectively.
(3) The year ended December 31, 2017 includes $186.0 million of provisional tax expense related to the Tax
Reform Act and $6.6 million of pension actuarial gains.
(4) The year ended December 31, 2016 includes a $254.9 million goodwill impairment charge and an
$83.3 million acquired intangible assets impairment charge related to the Wireless Test segment, and
$3.2 million of pension actuarial gains.
(5) The year ended December 31, 2015 includes $17.7 million of pension actuarial losses, a $5.4 million gain
from the sale of an equity investment and the results of operations of Universal Robots from June 12, 2015.

**Item 7:** **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_**

**Overview**

We are a leading global supplier of automation equipment for test and industrial applications. We design,
develop, manufacture and sell automatic test systems used to test semiconductors, wireless products, data storage
and complex electronics systems in the consumer electronics, wireless, automotive, industrial, computing,
communications, and aerospace and defense industries. Our industrial automation products include collaborative
robotic arms, autonomous mobile robots and advanced robotic control software used by global manufacturing
and light industrial customers to improve quality, increase manufacturing and material handling efficiency and
decrease manufacturing costs. Our automatic test equipment and industrial automation products and services
include:

-  semiconductor test (“Semiconductor Test”) systems;

-  defense/aerospace (“Defense/Aerospace”) test instrumentation and systems, storage test (“Storage
Test”) systems, and circuit-board test and inspection (“Production Board Test”) systems (collectively
these products represent “System Test”);

-  industrial automation (“Industrial Automation”) products; and

-  wireless test (“Wireless Test”) systems.

We have a customer base which includes integrated device manufacturers (“IDMs”), outsourced
semiconductor assembly and test providers (“OSATs”), original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”), wafer
foundries, fabless companies that design, but contract with others for the manufacture of integrated circuits
(“ICs”), developers of wireless devices and consumer electronics, manufacturers of circuit boards, automotive
suppliers, wireless product manufacturers, storage device manufacturers, aerospace and military contractors, and
distributors that sell collaborative robots, autonomous mobile robots and wireless test systems. The sales of our
products and services are dependent, to a large degree, on these customers who are subject to cyclical trends in
the demand for their products. These cyclical periods have had, and will continue to have, a significant effect on
our business because our customers often delay or accelerate purchases in reaction to changes in their businesses
and to demand fluctuations in the semiconductor, electronics and industrial automation industries. Historically,
these demand fluctuations have resulted in significant variations in our results of operations.

The market for our test products is concentrated with a limited number of significant customers accounting
for a substantial portion of the purchases of test equipment. A few customers drive significant demand for our
test products both through direct sales and sales to the customers’ supply partners. We expect that sales of our
test products will continue to be concentrated with a limited number of significant customers for the foreseeable
future.

24


-----

In 2019, revenue in our test businesses exceeded our plan as a result of Semiconductor Test demand in
China, early 5G test investments and strength in our System Test businesses. The revenue growth of our
Industrial Automation businesses was below our plan. In 2020, we expect continued strong momentum in our test
businesses and improvement in the growth of our Industrial Automation businesses.

On February 26, 2018, we acquired Energid Technologies Corporation (“Energid”) for a total purchase price
of approximately $27.6 million. Energid’s technology enables and simplifies the programming of complex
robotic motions used in a wide variety of end markets, ranging from heavy industry to healthcare, utilizing both
traditional robots and collaborative robots. Energid is included in our Industrial Automation segment.

On April 25, 2018, we acquired Mobile Industrial Robots ApS (“MiR”), a Danish limited liability company.
MiR is a leading maker of collaborative autonomous mobile robots (“AMRs”) for industrial applications. The
total purchase price was approximately $197.8 million, which included cash paid of approximately
$145.2 million and $52.6 million in fair value of contingent consideration payable upon achievement of certain
thresholds and targets for revenue and earnings before interest and taxes through 2020. Contingent consideration
for 2018 was $30.8 million and was paid in March 2019. Contingent consideration for 2019 was $9.1 million and
is expected to be paid in March 2020. The remaining maximum contingent consideration that could be paid is
$63.2 million. MiR is included in our Industrial Automation segment.

Based on our December 31, 2019 goodwill impairment test, the MiR reporting unit’s estimated fair value
exceeded its carrying value by 14%. The MiR goodwill amount is $123.6 million as of December 31, 2019. Key
assumptions in the goodwill valuation model are forecasted revenues, discount rate and earnings before interest
and taxes. A change in any of these key assumptions could result in the reporting unit being impaired in a future
period.

On January 30, 2019, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Lemsys SA (“Lemsys”) for a
total purchase price of approximately $9.1 million. Lemsys strengthens our position in the electrification trends
of vehicles, solar, wind, and industrial applications. Lemsys is included in our Semiconductor Test segment.

On June 3, 2019, we invested $15.0 million in RealWear, Inc. (“RealWear”). RealWear, a private company,
develops and sells advanced wearable technology including industrial, hands-free, head-mounted augmented
reality devices that make the workplace safer and more productive. On February 28, 2020, RealWear’s debt
holder demanded repayment of its $25.0 million loan to RealWear. As a result, in the fourth quarter of 2019, we
recorded an impairment charge of $15.0 million to reduce our investment in RealWear to zero as of
December 31, 2019.

On November 13, 2019, we acquired 100% of the membership interests of AutoGuide, LLC (“AutoGuide”),
a maker of high payload AMRs, an emerging and fast growing segment of the global forklift market. The total
purchase price was approximately $81.7 million, which included cash paid of approximately $57.8 million and
$24.0 million in fair value of contingent consideration payable upon achievement of certain performance targets,
extending potentially through 2022. The maximum contingent consideration that could be paid is $106.9 million.
AutoGuide’s AMRs are used for material transport of payloads up to 4,500 kg in manufacturing, warehouse and
logistics applications. These products complement MiR’s lower payload products. AutoGuide is included in our
Industrial Automation segment, which is a key component of our growth strategy.

We believe our recent acquisitions and investments have enhanced our opportunities for growth. We intend
to continue to invest in our business, grow market share in our markets and further expand our addressable
markets while tightly managing our costs.

**Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates**

We have identified the policies discussed below as critical to understanding our business and our results of
operations and financial condition. The impact and any associated risks related to these policies on our business
operations is discussed throughout Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations where such policies affect our reported and expected financial results.

25


-----

**_Revenue from Contracts with Customers_**

In accordance with ASC 606, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” (“ASC 606”), we recognize
revenues, when or as control is transferred to a customer. Our determination of revenue is dependent upon a five
step process outlined below.

-  We account for a contract with a customer when there is written approval, the contract is committed,
the rights of the parties, including payment terms, are identified, the contract has commercial substance
and consideration is probable of collection.

-  We periodically enter into contracts with customers in which a customer may purchase a combination
of goods and services, such as products with extended warranty obligations. We determine
performance obligations by assessing whether the products or services are distinct from the other
elements of the contract. In order to be distinct, the product or service must perform either on its own
or with readily available resources and must be separate within the context of the contract.

-  We consider the amount stated on the face of the purchase order to be the transaction price. We do not
have variable consideration which could impact the stated purchase price agreed to by us and the
customer.

-  Transaction price is allocated to each individual performance obligation based on the standalone selling
price of that performance obligation. We use standalone transactions when available to value each
performance obligation. If standalone transactions are not available, we will estimate the standalone
selling price through market assessments or cost plus a reasonable margin analysis. Any discounts from
standalone selling price are spread proportionally to each performance obligation.

-  In order to determine the appropriate timing for revenue recognition, we first determine if the
transaction meets any of three criteria for over time recognition. If the transaction meets the criteria for
over time recognition, we recognize revenue as the good or service is delivered. We use input variables
such as hours or months utilized or costs incurred to determine the amount of revenue to recognize in a
given period. Input variables are used as they best align consumption with benefit to the customer. For
transactions that do not meet the criteria for over time recognition, we will recognize revenue at a point
in time based on an assessment of the five criteria for transfer of control. We have concluded that
revenue should be recognized when shipped or delivered based on contractual terms. Typically,
acceptance of our products and services is a formality as we deliver similar systems, instruments and
robots to standard specifications. In cases where acceptance is not deemed a formality, we will defer
revenue recognition until customer acceptance.

**_Translation of Non-U.S. Currencies_**

The functional currency for all non-U.S. subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar, except for Universal Robots, MiR
and Lemsys for which the local currency is its functional currency. All foreign currency denominated monetary
assets and liabilities are remeasured on a monthly basis into the functional currency using exchange rates in
effect at the end of the period. All foreign currency denominated non-monetary assets and liabilities are
remeasured into the functional currency using historical exchange rates. Net foreign exchange gains and losses
resulting from remeasurement are included in other (income) expense, net. For Universal Robots, MiR and
Lemsys, assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect at the end of the
period. Revenues and expense amounts are translated using an average of exchange rates in effect during the
period. Translation adjustments are recorded within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the
balance sheet.

**_Retirement and Postretirement Plans_**

We recognize net actuarial gains and losses and the change in the fair value of the plan assets in our
operating results in the year in which they occur or upon any interim remeasurement of the plans. We calculate

26


-----

the expected return on plan assets using the fair value of the plan assets. Actuarial gains and losses are generally
measured annually as of December 31 and, accordingly, recorded during the fourth quarter of each year or upon
any interim remeasurement of the plans.

In March 2017, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued ASU 2017-07,
_“Compensation—Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and_
_Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost.” We retrospectively adopted the new accounting guidance on_
presentation of net periodic pension costs and net periodic postretirement benefit costs in the first quarter of
2018. This guidance requires the service cost component of net benefit costs to be reported in the same line item
in the consolidated statement of operations as other employee compensation costs. The non-service components
of net benefit costs such as interest cost, expected return on assets, amortization of prior service cost, and
actuarial gains or losses, are required to be reported separately outside of income or loss from operations.
Following the adoption of this guidance, we continue to record the service cost component in the same line item
as other employee compensation costs and the non-service components of net benefit costs such as interest cost,
expected return on assets, amortization of prior service cost, and actuarial gains or losses are reported within
other (income) expense, net. In 2017, the retrospective adoption of this standard decreased income from
operations by $5.0 million, due to the reclass of net actuarial pension gains and increased non-operating (income)
expense by the same amount with no impact to net income (loss).

**_Inventories_**

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost using a standard costing system which approximates cost based on
a first-in, first-out basis or net realizable value. On a quarterly basis, we use consistent methodologies to evaluate
all inventories for net realizable value. We record a provision for both excess and obsolete inventory when such
write-downs or write-offs are identified through the quarterly review process. The inventory valuation is based
upon assumptions about future demand, product mix, and possible alternative uses.

**_Equity Incentive and Stock Purchase Plans_**

Stock-based compensation expense is based on the grant-date fair value estimated in accordance with the
provisions of ASC 718, “Compensation—Stock Compensation.” Upon adoption of ASU 2016-09,
_“Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment_
_Accounting,” in the first quarter of 2017, we made an accounting policy election to continue accounting for_
forfeitures by applying an estimated forfeiture rate and recognizing compensation costs only for those stockbased compensation awards expected to vest. In accordance with ASU 2016-09, starting in the first quarter of
2017, excess tax benefits or tax deficiencies are recognized as a discrete tax benefit or discrete tax expense to the
current income tax provision in our consolidated statements of operations and are reported as cash flows from
operating activities. On January 1, 2017, a cumulative effect adjustment of $39.1 million for any prior year
excess tax benefits or tax deficiencies not previously recorded was recorded as an increase to retained earnings
and deferred tax assets. All cash payments made to taxing authorities on the employees’ behalf for withheld
shares are presented as financing activities on the statement of cash flows. In 2019, 2018 and 2017, we
recognized a discrete tax benefit of $4.9 million, $7.6 million and $6.3 million, respectively, related to net excess
tax benefit.

**_Income Taxes_**

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax
basis of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the
differences are expected to reverse. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced by a valuation allowance
if it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. We performed the
required assessment of positive and negative evidence regarding the realization of the net deferred tax assets in
accordance with ASC 740, “Accounting for Income Taxes.” This assessment included the evaluation of scheduled

27


-----

reversals of deferred tax liabilities, estimates of projected future taxable income and tax-planning strategies.
Although realization is not assured, based on our assessment, we concluded that it is more likely than not that
such assets, net of the existing valuation allowance, will be realized.

**_Investments_**

We account for our investments in debt and equity securities in accordance with the provisions of ASC
320-10, “Investments—Debt and Equity Securities.” On a quarterly basis, we review our investments to identify
and evaluate those that have an indication of a potential other-than-temporary impairment. Factors considered in
determining whether a loss is other-than-temporary include:

-  The length of time and the extent to which the market value has been less than cost;

-  The financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer; and

-  The intent and ability to retain the investment in the issuer for a period of time sufficient to allow for
any anticipated recovery in market value.

_Investment in Other Companies_

We account for investments in other companies at cost and evaluate for impairment or an indication of
changes in fair value resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar
investment of the same issuer on a quarterly basis.

**_Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities_**

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01, “Financial Instruments—Overall (Subtopic 825-10):
_Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.” We adopted the new accounting_
guidance in the first quarter of 2018 using the modified retrospective approach. This guidance requires that
changes in fair value of equity marketable securities be accounted for directly in earnings. Previously, the
changes in fair value of equity marketable securities were recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income
on the balance sheet. We continue to record realized gains in interest income and realized losses in interest
expense. The adoption of this new accounting guidance increased the January 1, 2018 retained earnings balance
by $3.1 million and decreased the accumulated other comprehensive income balance by the same amount.

**_Goodwill, Intangible and Long-Lived Assets_**

We assess goodwill for impairment at least annually in the fourth quarter, as of December 31, on a reporting
unit basis, or more frequently, when events and circumstances occur indicating that the recorded goodwill may
be impaired. If the book value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the implied fair value of goodwill is
compared with the carrying amount of goodwill. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair
value of goodwill, an impairment charge is recorded in an amount equal to that excess.

No goodwill impairment was identified in 2019, 2018 and 2017.

Based on our December 31, 2019 goodwill impairment test, the MiR reporting unit’s estimated fair value
exceeded its carrying value by 14%. The MiR goodwill amount is $123.6 million as of December 31, 2019. Key
assumptions in the goodwill valuation model are forecasted revenues, discount rate and earnings before interest and
taxes. A change in any of these key assumptions could result in the reporting unit being impaired in a future period.

We assess the impairment of intangible and long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors we consider important in the determination of an
impairment include significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results, significant
changes in the manner that we use the acquired asset and significant negative industry or economic trends.

28


-----

**_Business Combination_**

We recognize the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated
fair values at the date of acquisition. The fair value of identifiable intangible assets is based on detailed cash flow
valuations that use information and assumptions provided by management. We estimate the fair value of
contingent consideration at the time of the acquisition using all pertinent information known to us at the time to
assess the probability of payment of contingent amounts or through the use of a Monte Carlo simulation model.
We allocate any excess purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired and
liabilities assumed to goodwill. The assumptions used in the valuations for our acquisitions may differ materially
from actual results depending on performance of the acquired businesses and other factors. While we believe the
assumptions used were appropriate, different assumptions in the valuation of assets acquired and liabilities
assumed could have a material impact on the timing and extent of impact on our statements of operations.
Goodwill is assigned to reporting units as of the date of the related acquisition.

**Results of Operations**

Information pertaining to fiscal year 2017 results of operations, including a year-to-year comparison against
fiscal year 2018, was included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 under
Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations,” which
was filed with the SEC on March 1, 2019. This information is incorporated by reference herein.

The following table sets forth the percentage of total net revenues included in our consolidated statements of
operations:

**Years Ended December 31,**

**2019** **2018**

Percentage of revenues:
Revenues:
Products . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 82.3% 82.3%
Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17.7 17.7

Total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 100.0 100.0
Cost of revenues:
Cost of products . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34.1 34.6
Cost of services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7.5 7.3

Total cost of revenues (exclusive of acquired intangible assets amortization
shown separately below) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41.6 41.9

Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 58.4 58.1
Operating expenses:
Selling and administrative . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19.0 18.6
Engineering and development . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14.1 14.4
Acquired intangible assets amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1.7 1.9
Restructuring and other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (0.6) 0.7

Total operating expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34.3 35.5

Income from operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24.1 22.6
Non-operating (income) expenses:
Interest income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (1.1) (1.3)
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1.0 1.5
Other (income) expense, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1.3 0.1

Income before income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22.9 22.3
Income tax provision . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2.5 0.8

Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20.4% 21.5%

29


-----

**_Revenues_**

Revenues for our reportable segments were as follows:


**2018-2019**
**Dollar**
**Change**


**2019** **2018**


**(in millions)**
Semiconductor Test . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $1,552.6 $1,492.4 $ 60.2
Industrial Automation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 298.1 261.5 36.6
System Test . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 287.5 216.1 71.4
Wireless Test . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 157.3 132.0 25.3
Corporate and Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (0.5) (1.2) 0.7

$2,295.0 $2,100.8 $194.2

The increase in Semiconductor Test revenues of $60.2 million, or 4%, from 2018 to 2019 was driven
primarily by an increase in semiconductor tester sales for 5G infrastructure and image sensors and higher service
revenue, partially offset by a decrease in sales in the automotive and analog test segments.

The increase in Industrial Automation revenues of $36.6 million, or 14%, from 2018 to 2019 was primarily
due to higher demand for collaborative robots. The MiR acquisition was completed in April 2018.

The increase in System Test revenues of $71.4 million, or 33%, from 2018 to 2019 was primarily due to
higher sales in Storage Test of 3.5” hard disk drive testers, higher sales in Defense/Aerospace test
instrumentation and systems, and higher sales in Production Board Test from higher 5G demand.

The increase in Wireless Test revenues of $25.3 million, or 19%, from 2018 to 2019 was primarily due to
higher demand for millimeter wave and cellular test products driven by new wireless standards and 5G, partially
offset by lower sales in connectivity test products and services.

Our reportable segments accounted for the following percentages of consolidated revenues:

**2019** **2018**

Semiconductor Test . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 68% 71%
Industrial Automation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13 12
System Test . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13 10
Wireless Test . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7 6

100% 100%

Revenues by country as a percentage of total revenues were as follows (1):

**2019** **2018**

China . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22% 17%
Taiwan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21 25
United States . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15 13
Korea . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10 8
Europe . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10 11
Japan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8 8
Thailand . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4 3
Singapore . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4 5
Malaysia . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3 6
Philippines . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2 4
Rest of the World . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2 2

100% 100%

30


-----

(1) Revenues attributable to a country are based on the location of the customer site.

The breakout of product and service revenues was as follows:

**2019** **2018**


**2018-2019**
**Dollar**
**Change**


**(in millions)**
Products revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $1,887.7 $1,729.6 $158.1
Services revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 407.3 371.2 36.1

$2,295.0 $2,100.8 $194.2

Our product revenues increased $158.1 million, or 9%, in 2019 from 2018 primarily due to higher sales in
Semiconductor Test of testers for 5G infrastructure and image sensors, higher sales in Storage Test of 3.5” hard
disk drive testers, and higher demand in Industrial Automation, partially offset by a decrease in sales in
Semiconductor Test automotive and analog test segments. Service revenues increased $36.1 million or 10%.

In 2019 and 2018, no single direct customer accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated revenues. In
2019 and 2018, our five largest direct customers in aggregate accounted for 27% and 27% of our consolidated
revenues, respectively.

We estimate consolidated revenues driven by Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. (“Huawei”), combining direct
sales to that customer with sales to the customer’s OSATs, accounted for approximately 11% and 4% of our
consolidated revenues in 2019 and 2018, respectively. We estimate consolidated revenues driven by another
OEM customer, combining direct sales to that customer with sales to the customer’s OSATs, accounted for
approximately 10% and 13% of our consolidated revenues in 2019 and 2018, respectively.

**Gross Profit**


**2018-2019**
**Dollar /**
**Point**
**Change**


**2019** **2018**


**(dollars in millions)**
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $1,339.8 $1,220.4 $119.4
Percent of total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 58.4% 58.1% 0.3

Gross profit as a percent of total revenues increased from 2018 to 2019 by 0.3 points, primarily due to
favorable product mix in Semiconductor Test and Storage Test.

The breakout of product and service gross profit was as follows:


**2018-2019**
**Dollar /**
**Point**
**Change**


**2019** **2018**


**(dollars in millions)**
Product gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $1,105.6 $1,002.5 $103.1
Percent of product revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 58.6% 58.0% 0.6

Service gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 234.2 $ 217.9 $ 16.3
Percent of service revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 57.5% 58.7% (1.2)

We assess the carrying value of our inventory on a quarterly basis by estimating future demand and
comparing that demand against on-hand and on-order inventory positions. Forecasted revenues information is

31


-----

obtained from the sales and marketing groups and incorporates factors such as backlog and future consolidated
revenues. This quarterly process identifies obsolete and excess inventory. Obsolete inventory, which represents
items for which there is no demand, is fully reserved. Excess inventory, which represents inventory items that are
not expected to be consumed during the next twelve quarters for our Semiconductor Test, Industrial Automation
and System Test segments and next four quarters for our Wireless Test segment, is written-down to estimated net
realizable value.

During the year ended December 31, 2019, we recorded an inventory provision of $15.2 million included in
cost of revenues, primarily due to downward revisions to previously forecasted demand levels for certain
products. Of the $15.2 million of total excess and obsolete provisions, $8.7 million was related to Semiconductor
Test, $4.0 million was related to Wireless Test, $2.0 million was related to System Test, and $0.5 million was
related to Industrial Automation.

During the year ended December 31, 2018, we recorded an inventory provision of $11.2 million included in
cost of revenues, primarily due to downward revisions to previously forecasted demand levels for certain
products. Of the $11.2 million of total excess and obsolete provisions, $6.8 million was related to Semiconductor
Test, $2.5 million was related to Wireless Test, $1.2 million was related to System Test, and $0.7 million was
related to Industrial Automation.

During the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, we scrapped $9.2 million and $7.0 million of
inventory, respectively, and sold $3.2 million and $6.7 million of previously written-down or written-off
inventory, respectively. As of December 31, 2019, we had inventory related reserves for amounts which had been
written-down or written-off totaling $103.6 million. We have no pre-determined timeline to scrap the remaining
inventory.

**Selling and Administrative**

Selling and administrative expenses were as follows:


**2018-2019**
**Change**


**2019** **2018**


**(dollars in millions)**
Selling and administrative . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $437.1 $390.7 $46.4
Percent of total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19.0% 18.6%

The increase of $46.4 million in selling and administrative expenses from 2018 to 2019 was due primarily to
higher spending in Industrial Automation from higher sales and marketing spending in Universal Robots and
MiR, which was acquired on April 25, 2018, higher sales and marketing spending in Semiconductor Test and
higher variable compensation.

**Engineering and Development**

Engineering and development expenses were as follows:


**2018-2019**
**Change**


**2019** **2018**


**(dollars in millions)**
Engineering and development . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $322.8 $301.5 $21.3
Percent of total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14.1% 14.4%

The increase of $21.3 million in engineering and development expenses from 2018 to 2019 was due
primarily to higher spending in Industrial Automation and Wireless Test and higher variable compensation.

32


-----

**Restructuring and Other**

During the year ended December 31, 2019, we recorded a gain of $22.2 million from the decrease in the fair
value of the MiR contingent consideration liability, partially offset by a $3.0 million increase in the fair value of
the AutoGuide contingent consideration, $2.9 million of severance charges related to headcount reductions
primarily in Semiconductor Test and Industrial Automation, and $2.5 million for acquisition related expenses and
compensation.

During the year ended December 31, 2018, we recorded an expense of $17.7 million for the increase in the
fair value of the MiR contingent consideration liability, $8.7 million of severance charges related to headcount
reductions primarily in Semiconductor Test, and $4.5 million for acquisition related expenses and compensation,
partially offset by a gain of $16.7 million from the decrease in the fair value of the Universal Robots contingent
consideration liability.

The remaining accrual for severance of $0.5 million is reflected in the accrued employees’ compensation
and withholdings on the balance sheet and is expected to be paid by October 2020.

**Interest and Other**


**2018-2019**
**Change**


**2019** **2018**


**(in millions)**
Interest income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $(24.8) $(26.7) $ 1.9
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23.1 31.3 (8.2)
Other (income) expense, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29.5 1.4 28.1

Interest income decreased by $1.9 million from 2018 to 2019 due primarily to lower cash and marketable
securities balances in 2019. Interest expense decreased by $8.2 million from 2018 to 2019 due primarily to
unrealized losses on equity marketable securities recognized in 2018. Other (income) expense, net increased by
$28.1 million from 2018 to 2019 due primarily to a $15.0 million charge for the impairment of the investment in
RealWear and an $11.5 million change in pension actuarial (gains) losses from a $3.3 million gain in 2018 to an
$8.2 million loss in 2019.

**Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes**


**2018-2019**
**Change**


**2019** **2018**


**(in millions)**
Semiconductor Test . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $417.0 $397.6 $ 19.4
System Test . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 93.5 48.9 44.6
Wireless Test . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35.6 29.1 6.5
Industrial Automation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (5.9) 7.7 (13.6)
Corporate and Other (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (14.4) (15.4) 1.0

$525.8 $467.8 $ 58.0

(1) Included in Corporate and Other are the following: contingent consideration adjustments, investment
impairment, pension and postretirement plans actuarial (gains) and losses, interest (income) and expense,
net foreign exchange (gains) and losses, intercompany eliminations and acquisition related charges.

The increase in income before income taxes in Semiconductor Test from 2018 to 2019 was driven primarily
by an increase in semiconductor tester sales for 5G infrastructure and image sensors, partially offset by a
decrease in sales in the automotive and analog test segments. The increase in income before income taxes in
System Test from 2018 to 2019 was primarily due to higher sales in Storage Test of 3.5” hard disk drive testers,
higher sales in Defense/Aerospace test instrumentation and systems, and higher sales in Production Board Test

33


-----

from higher 5G demand. The increase in income before income taxes in Wireless Test from 2018 to 2019 was
primarily due to higher demand for millimeter wave and cellular test products driven by new wireless standards
and 5G partially offset by lower sales in connectivity test products and services. The decrease in income before
income taxes in Industrial Automation from 2018 to 2019 was due primarily to higher sales and marketing, and
engineering spending.

**Income Taxes**

Income tax expense for 2019, 2018 and 2017 totaled $58.3 million, $16.0 million and $266.7 million,
respectively. The effective tax rate for 2019, 2018 and 2017 was 11.1%, 3.4% and 50.9%, respectively.

The increase in the effective tax rate from 2018 to 2019 is primarily attributable to increases in expense
associated with U.S. global intangible low-taxed income and U.S. transition tax on the mandatory deemed
repatriation of foreign earnings. These increases in expense were partially offset by increased benefit from the
U.S. foreign derived intangible income deduction, foreign tax credits and a net reduction in reserves for uncertain
tax positions.

We recorded $186.0 million of additional income tax expense in the fourth quarter of 2017 which
represented our best estimate of the impact of the Tax Reform Act in accordance with our understanding of the
Tax Reform Act and available guidance as of that date. The $186.0 million was primarily composed of expense
of $161.0 million related to the one-time transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings,
$33.6 million of expense related to the remeasurement of certain deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the
rates at which they are expected to reverse in the future, and benefit of $10.3 million associated with the impact
of correlative adjustments on uncertain tax positions. In accordance with the requirements of SEC Staff
Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) No. 118, “Income Tax Accounting Implications of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act”, in
the fourth quarter of 2018, we completed our analysis of the effect of the Tax Reform Act based on the
application of the guidance available as of December 31, 2018 and recorded $49.5 million of net income tax
benefit. The net benefit consisted of $51.7 million of benefit resulting from a reduction in the estimate of the
one-time transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings and an expense of $2.2 million
associated with the impact of correlative adjustments on uncertain tax positions.

The change in the effective tax rate from 2017 to 2018 was also impacted by a shift in the geographic
distribution of income which increased income subject to taxation in the U.S. relative to lower tax rate
jurisdictions, the benefit of the U.S. foreign derived intangible income deduction and increases in discrete benefit
from non-taxable foreign exchange gains and losses.

We qualify for a tax holiday in Singapore by fulfilling the requirements of an agreement with the Singapore
Economic Development Board under which certain headcount and spending requirements must be met. The tax
savings attributable to the Singapore tax holiday for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 were
$15.1 million or $0.08 per diluted share, $11.9 million or $0.06 per diluted share and $24.8 million or $0.12 per
diluted share, respectively. The tax holiday is scheduled to expire on December 31, 2020.

34


-----

**Contractual Obligations**

The following table reflects our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2019:

**Payments Due by Period**


**Less than**
**1 year**


**1-3**
**years**


**3-5**
**years**


**More than**
**5 years** **Other**


**Total**


**(in thousands)**
Convertible debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 460,000 $ — $ — $460,000 $ — $ —
Purchase obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 415,582 $412,948 2,634 — — —
Retirement plans contributions . . . . . . . . 139,451 5,069 10,464 10,336 113,582 —
Transition tax payable (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . 88,157 5,515 15,741 22,628 44,273 —
Operating lease obligations . . . . . . . . . . . 72,505 21,933 30,582 11,602 8,388 —
Interest on long term debt . . . . . . . . . . . . 23,000 5,750 11,500 5,750 — —
Fair value of contingent consideration . . . 39,705 9,106 30,599 — — —
Other long-term liabilities reflected on
the balance sheet under GAAP (2) . . . . 79,579 — 39,156 6,348 470 33,605

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $1,317,979 $460,321 $140,676 $516,664 $166,713 $33,605

(1) Represents the transition tax liability associated with our accumulated foreign earnings as a result of
enactment of the Tax Reform Act on December 22, 2017.
(2) Included in other long-term liabilities are liabilities for customer advances, extended warranty, uncertain tax
positions, deferred tax liabilities and other obligations. For certain long-term obligations, we are unable to
provide a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of future payments relating to these obligations and
therefore we included these amounts in the column marked “Other.”

**Liquidity and Capital Resources**

Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balance decreased by $189 million from 2018 to 2019
to $1,016 million.

Operating activities during 2019 provided cash of $578.8 million. Changes in operating assets and liabilities
used cash of $51.7 million due to a $121.6 million increase in operating assets and a $69.9 million increase in
operating liabilities.

The increase in operating assets was due to a $70.4 million increase in accounts receivable due to increased
sales, a $27.4 million increase in inventories, and a $23.8 million increase in prepayments and other assets.

The increase in operating liabilities was due to a $39.3 million increase in deferred revenue and customer
advance payments, a $24.8 million increase in accounts payable, a $15.3 million increase in accrued employee
compensation and a $9.2 million increase in other accrued liabilities, partially offset by a $13.6 million decrease
in income taxes, and $5.1 million of retirement plan contributions.

Investing activities during 2019 used cash of $156.7 million, due to $662.7 million used for purchases of
marketable securities, $134.6 million used for purchases of property, plant and equipment, $57.8 million, net of
cash acquired, used for the acquisition of AutoGuide, $15.0 million used for an investment in RealWear, and
$7.0 million, net of cash acquired, used for the acquisition of Lemsys, partially offset by $611.9 million and
$105.6 million in proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable securities, respectively, and proceeds from
life insurance of $2.9 million related to the cash surrender value from the cancellation of Teradyne owned life
insurance policies.

Financing activities during 2019 used cash of $574.3 million, due to $500.0 million used for the repurchase
of 10.9 million shares of common stock at an average price of $45.89 per share, $61.3 million used for dividend

35


-----

payments, $27.6 million used for payments related to MiR and Universal Robots acquisition contingent
consideration and $14.7 million used for payments related to net settlement of employee stock compensation
awards, partially offset by $29.3 million from the issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase and
stock option plans.

Operating activities during 2018 provided cash of $476.9 million. Changes in operating assets and liabilities
used cash of $163.5 million. This was due to a $105.8 million increase in operating assets and a $57.7 million
decrease in operating liabilities.

The increase in operating assets was due to a $58.4 million increase in prepayments and other assets due
primarily to payments to our contract manufacturers, a $29.5 million increase in inventories, and a $17.9 million
increase in accounts receivable due to higher sales in the fourth quarter of 2018.

The decrease in operating liabilities was due to a $80.4 million decrease in income taxes, primarily related
to a decrease in our transitional tax liability associated with our accumulated foreign earnings under the U.S. Tax
Reform Act, a $5.5 million decrease in other accrued liabilities and $4.3 million of retirement plans
contributions, partially offset by a $13.4 million increase in customer advance payments and deferred revenue, a
$12.9 million increase in accounts payable, and a $6.3 million increase in accrued employee compensation due
primarily to variable compensation.

Investing activities during 2018 provided cash of $923.0 million, due to $1,270.4 million and $846.1 million
in proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable securities, respectively, proceeds from a government subsidy
of $7.9 million for property, plant and equipment, and proceeds from life insurance of $1.1 million related to the
cash surrender value from the cancellation of a Teradyne owned life insurance policy, partially offset by
$918.7 million used for purchase of marketable securities, $169.5 million used for the acquisitions of MiR and
Energid, and $114.4 million used for purchases of property, plant and equipment.

Financing activities during 2018 used cash of $903.4 million, due to $823.5 million used for the repurchase
of 21.6 million shares of common stock at an average price of $38.06 per share, $67.3 million used for dividend
payments, $20.0 million used for payments related to net settlement of employee stock compensation awards,
and $13.6 million used for a payment related to Universal Robots acquisition contingent consideration, partially
offset by $21.0 million from the issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase and stock option
plans.

In January 2019, May 2019, August 2019 and November 2019, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly
cash dividend of $0.09 per share. Total dividend payments in 2019 were $61.3 million.

In January 2018, May 2018, August 2018 and November 2018, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly
cash dividend of $0.09 per share. Total dividend payments in 2018 were $67.3 million.

In January 2020, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per share to be paid on
March 20, 2020 to shareholders of record as of February 21, 2020. Payment of future cash dividends are subject
to the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend, among other things, upon our earnings, capital
requirements and financial condition.

In January 2018, our Board of Directors cancelled the December 2016 stock repurchase program and
authorized a new stock repurchase program for up to $1.5 billion of common stock. In 2019, we repurchased
10.9 million shares of common stock for $500.0 million at an average price per share of $45.89. In 2018, we
repurchased 21.6 million shares of common stock for $823.5 million at an average price per share of $38.06. The
cumulative repurchases as of December 31, 2019 totaled 32.5 million shares of common stock for $1,323.0 million
at an average price per share of $40.68.

36


-----

In January 2020, our Board of Directors cancelled the January 2018 stock repurchase program and approved
a new stock repurchase program for up to $1.0 billion of common stock. We intend to repurchase a minimum of
$250.0 million in 2020.

While we declared a quarterly cash dividend and authorized a share repurchase program, we may reduce or
eliminate the cash dividend or share repurchase program in the future. Future cash dividends and stock
repurchases are subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors, which will consider, among other things, our
earnings, capital requirements and financial condition.

We believe our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balance will be sufficient to pay our
quarterly dividend, execute our authorized share repurchase program and meet our working capital and
expenditure needs for at least the next twelve months. Inflation has not had a significant long-term impact on
earnings.

**Retirement Plans**

ASC 715-20, “Compensation—Retirement Benefits—Defined Benefit Plans,” requires an employer with
defined benefit plans or other postretirement benefit plans to recognize an asset or a liability on its balance sheet
for the overfunded or underfunded status of the plans as defined by ASC 715-20. The pension asset or liability
represents the difference between the fair value of the pension plan’s assets and the projected benefit obligation
as of December 31. For other postretirement benefit plans, the liability is the difference between the fair value of
the plan’s assets and the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation as of December 31.

For the year ended December 31, 2019, our pension expense, which includes the U.S. Qualified Pension
Plan (“U.S. Plan”), certain qualified plans for non-U.S. subsidiaries, and a U.S. Supplemental Executive Defined
Benefit Plan, was approximately $11.6 million. Pension expense is calculated based upon a number of actuarial
assumptions. Discount rate and expected return on assets are two assumptions which are important elements of
pension plan expense and asset/liability measurement. We evaluate our discount rate and expected rate of return
on assets assumptions annually on a plan and country specific basis. We evaluate other assumptions related to
demographic factors, such as retirement age, mortality and turnover periodically, and update them to reflect our
experience and expectations for the future.

In developing the expected return on U.S. Plan assets assumption, we evaluated input from our investment
manager and pension consultants, including their forecast of asset class return expectations. We believe that
4.25% was an appropriate rate of return on assets to use for 2019. The December 31, 2019 asset allocation for our
U.S. Plan was 94% invested in fixed income securities, 5% invested in equity securities, and 1% invested in other
securities. Our investment manager regularly reviews the actual asset allocation and periodically rebalances the
portfolio to ensure alignment with our target allocations.

We recognize net actuarial gains and losses and the change in the fair value of plans assets in our operating
results in the year in which they occur or upon any interim remeasurement of the plans. We calculate the
expected return on plan assets using the fair value of the plan assets. Actuarial gains and losses are generally
measured annually as of December 31 and, accordingly, recorded during the fourth quarter of each year or upon
any interim remeasurement of the plans.

The discount rate that we utilized for determining future pension obligations for the U.S. Plan is based on
the FTSE Pension Index adjusted for the U.S. Plan’s expected cash flows and was 3.10% at December 31, 2019,
down from 4.15% at December 31, 2018. We estimate that in 2020 we will recognize approximately $0.9 million
of pension expense for the U.S. Plan. The U.S. Plan pension expense estimate for 2020 is based on a 3.1%
discount rate and a 3.0% return on assets. Future pension expense or income will depend on future investment
performance, changes in future discount rates and various other factors related to the employee population
participating in our pension plans.

37


-----

As of December 31, 2019, our pension plans had no unrecognized pension prior service cost.

The assets of the U.S. Plan consist substantially of fixed income securities. U.S. Plan assets have increased
from $144.3 million at December 31, 2018 to $166.9 million at December 31, 2019 while the U.S. Plan’s liability
increased from $127.4 million at December 31, 2018 to $148.5 million at December 31, 2019. In 2019, the
increase in plan assets and plan liability was due to a decrease in interest rates. In 2018, the accrued pension
obligations for approximately 1,700 retiree participants were transferred to an insurance company and resulted in
a $151.3 million reduction in the pension benefit obligation and pension assets. We recorded a settlement loss of
$0.3 million related to the retiree group annuity transaction.

Our funding policy is to make contributions to our pension plans in accordance with local laws and to the
extent that such contributions are tax deductible. During 2019, we made contributions of $2.8 million to the U.S.
supplemental executive defined benefit pension plan, and $0.9 million to certain qualified plans for non-U.S.
subsidiaries. In 2020, we expect to contribute approximately $2.8 million to the U.S. supplemental executive
defined benefit pension plan. Contributions to be made in 2020 to certain qualified plans for non-U.S.
subsidiaries are based on local statutory requirements and are estimated at approximately $1.0 million.

**Equity Compensation Plans**

In addition to our 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan discussed in Note Q: “Stock-Based Compensation”
in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, we have a 2006 Equity and Cash Compensation Incentive Plan
(the “2006 Equity Plan”) under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. The 2006 Equity Plan was
initially approved by stockholders on May 25, 2006.

At our annual meeting of stockholders held May 21, 2013, our stockholders approved an amendment to the
2006 Equity Plan to increase the number of shares issuable thereunder by 10.0 million, for an aggregate of
32.0 million shares issuable thereunder, and our stockholders also approved an amendment to our 1996
Employee Stock Purchase Plan to increase the number of shares issuable thereunder by 5.0 million, for an
aggregate of 30.4 million shares issuable thereunder. At our annual meeting of stockholders held May 12, 2015,
our stockholders approved an amendment to the 2006 Equity Plan to extend its term until May 12, 2025.

The following table presents information about these plans as of December 31, 2019 (share numbers in
thousands):


**Number of securities**
**to be issued upon**
**exercise of**
**outstanding options,**
**warrants and rights**


**Number of securities remaining**
**available for future issuance**
**under equity compensation**
**plans (excluding securities**
**reflected in column one)**


**Weighted-average**
**exercise price of**
**outstanding options,**
**warrants and rights**


**Plan category**


Equity plans approved by shareholders . . . . 2,542(1) $34.52 8,543(2)
Equity plans not approved by
shareholders (3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 47 2.89 —

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2,589 29.91 8,543

(1) Includes 2,269,426 shares of restricted stock units that are not included in the calculation of the weighted
average exercise price.
(2) Consists of 6,719,918 securities available for issuance under the 2006 Equity Plan and 1,822,724 of
securities available for issuance under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
(3) In connection with the 2011 acquisition of LitePoint Corporation (the “LitePoint Acquisition”), we assumed
the options granted under the LitePoint Corporation 2002 Stock Plan (the “LitePoint Plan”). Upon the
consummation of the LitePoint Acquisition, these options were converted automatically into options to
purchase an aggregate of 2,828,344 shares of our common stock. No additional awards were granted under
the LitePoint Plan. As of December 31, 2019, there were outstanding options exercisable for an aggregate of

38


-----


image 1: 
The image features a performance graph that compares the cumulative total shareholder return of a company's common stock (specifically Teradyne, Inc.) against the NYSE Composite Index and the Morningstar Semiconductor Equipment & Materials Industry Group over a five-year period, starting from December 31, 2014. The graph illustrates the growth of a hypothetical $100 investment made on that date, showing the trajectory of each entity's performance up to December 2019. The text also emphasizes that past stock performance does not guarantee future results.

No specific languages other than English are present in the text.

end of image 1: 
amount by which a reporting unit’s carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of
goodwill. All other goodwill impairment guidance will remain largely unchanged. Entities will continue to have
the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine if a quantitative impairment test is necessary. The
same one-step impairment test will be applied to goodwill at all reporting units, even those with zero or negative
carrying amounts. Entities will be required to disclose the amount of goodwill at reporting units with zero or
negative carrying amounts. The revised guidance will be applied prospectively, and is effective in 2020. Early
adoption is permitted for any impairment tests performed after January 1, 2017. This pronouncement is not
expected to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations and statements of cash flows.

**Item 7A: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks**

**Concentration of Credit Risk**

Financial instruments which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash
equivalents, marketable securities, forward currency contracts and accounts receivable. Our cash equivalents
consist primarily of money market funds invested in U.S. Treasuries and government agencies. Our fixed income
available-for-sale marketable securities have a minimum rating of AA by one or more of the major credit rating
agencies. We place forward currency contracts with high credit-quality financial institutions in order to minimize
credit risk exposure. Concentrations of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable are limited due to the large
number of geographically dispersed customers. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers’
financial condition and from time to time may require customers to provide a letter of credit from a bank to
secure accounts receivable. There were no customers who accounted for 10% or more of our accounts receivable
balance as of December 31, 2019 or December 31, 2018.

In addition to market risks, we have an equity price risk related to the fair value of our convertible senior
unsecured notes issued in December 2016. In December 2016, Teradyne issued $460 million aggregate principal
amount of 1.25% convertible senior unsecured notes (the “Notes”) due December 15, 2023. As of December 31,
2019, the Notes had a fair value of $1,010 million. The table below provides a sensitivity analysis of hypothetical
10% changes of Teradyne’s stock price as of the end of 2019 and the estimated impact on the fair value of the
Notes. The selected scenarios are not predictions of future events, but rather are intended to illustrate the effect
such event may have on the fair value of the Notes. The fair value of the Notes is subject to equity price risk due
to the convertible feature. The fair value of the Notes will generally increase as Teradyne’s common stock price
increases and will generally decrease as the common stock price declines in value. The change in stock price
affects the fair value of the convertible senior notes, but does not impact Teradyne’s financial position, cash
flows or results of operations due to the fixed nature of the debt obligation. Additionally, we carry the Notes at
face value less unamortized discount on our balance sheet, and we present the fair value for required disclosure
purposes only. In connection with the offering of the Notes we also sold warrants to the option counterparties.
These transactions have been accounted for as an adjustment to our shareholders’ equity. The convertible note
hedge transactions are expected to reduce the potential equity dilution upon conversion of the Notes. The
warrants along with any shares issuable upon conversion of the Notes will have a dilutive effect on our earnings
per share to the extent that the average market price of our common stock for a given reporting period exceeds
the applicable strike price or conversion price of the warrants or Notes, respectively.


**Estimated**
**change in fair**
**value**


**Hypothetical percentage**
**increase (decrease) in**
**fair value**


**Hypothetical Change in Teradyne Stock Price** **Fair Value**


10% Increase . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $1,103,496 $ 93,221 9.2%
No Change . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,010,275 — —
10% Decrease . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 918,822 (91,453) (9.1)

See Note J: “Debt” for further information.

40


-----

**Exchange Rate Risk Management**

We regularly enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the value of our monetary assets and
liabilities in Japanese Yen, British Pound, Korean Won, Taiwan Dollar, Singapore Dollar, Euro, Philippine Peso
and Chinese Yuan. These foreign currency forward contracts have maturities of approximately one month. These
contracts are used to minimize the effect of exchange rate fluctuations associated with the remeasurement of
monetary assets and liabilities. We do not engage in currency speculation.

We performed a sensitivity analysis assuming a hypothetical 10% fluctuation in foreign exchange rates to
the hedging contracts and the underlying exposures described above. As of December 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017,
the analysis indicated that these hypothetical market movements would not have a material effect on our
consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

**Interest Rate Risk Management**

We are exposed to potential losses due to changes in interest rates. Our interest rate exposure is primarily
related to short-term and long-term marketable securities.

In order to estimate the potential loss due to interest rate risk, a fluctuation in interest rates of 25 basis points
was assumed. Market risk for the short and long-term marketable securities was estimated as the potential change
in the fair value resulting from a hypothetical change in interest rates for securities contained in the investment
portfolio. The potential change in the fair value from changes in interest rates is immaterial as of December 31,
2019 and 2018.

41


-----

**Item 8:** **_Financial Statements and Supplementary Data_**

**Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm**

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Teradyne, Inc.

**_Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting_**

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Teradyne, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the
“Company”) as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2019, including the related notes and schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 2019 appearing under Item 15(c) (collectively referred to as the
“consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2019, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2019 in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in
all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019, based on criteria
established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.

_Changes in Accounting Principles_

As discussed in Note B to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which
it accounts for leases in 2019 and the manner in which it accounts for revenue from contracts with customers in
2018.

**_Basis for Opinions_**

The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting, included in Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial
statements and on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws
and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over
financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of
material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on

42


-----

the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

**_Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting_**

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate.

**_Critical Audit Matters_**

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the
consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit
committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements
and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical
audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical
audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

_Acquisition of AutoGuide, LLC - Valuation of Contingent Consideration and Developed Technology Intangible_
_Asset_

As described in Notes B, D and H to the consolidated financial statements, the Company completed its
acquisition of AutoGuide, LLC on November 13, 2019. The total purchase price of approximately $81.7 million
included $57.8 million of cash paid and $24.0 million in fair value of contingent consideration, which was
determined by management using the Monte Carlo simulation model. The valuation of the contingent
consideration is dependent on the following assumptions: forecasted revenues, revenue volatility, earnings before
interest and taxes, and discount rate. As part of the preliminary purchase price allocation, management recorded
$24.6 million for the acquired developed technology intangible asset at fair value using the income approach.
Management’s significant assumption utilized in the approach was the forecasted revenues.

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of
contingent consideration and the acquired developed technology intangible asset in the AutoGuide, LLC
acquisition is a critical audit matter are (i) there was a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity in
applying procedures relating to the fair value measurement of the contingent consideration and the acquired
developed technology intangible asset due to the significant amount of judgment by management when
developing the fair value estimates, (ii) significant audit effort was required in evaluating the significant
assumptions relating to the estimates, including forecasted revenues, revenue volatility, earnings before interest
and taxes, and discount rate for the contingent consideration, and the forecasted revenues for the acquired
developed technology intangible asset, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized
skill and knowledge to assist in performing procedures and evaluating the audit evidence obtained.

43


-----

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with
forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the
effectiveness of controls relating to the acquisition accounting, including controls over management’s valuation
of contingent consideration and the acquired developed technology intangible asset. These procedures also
included, among others, (i) reading the purchase agreement, (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the approaches
and reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management in developing the fair value for the
contingent consideration and acquired developed technology intangible asset, including the forecasted revenues,
revenue volatility, earnings before interest and taxes, and discount rate for the contingent consideration and the
forecasted revenues for the acquired developed technology intangible asset, and (iii) testing the completeness,
accuracy and relevance of the underlying data used in the approaches. Evaluating whether the significant
assumptions used were reasonable involved evaluating historical results and consistency with external industry
and market data. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of the
appropriateness of management’s Monte Carlo simulation model for the contingent consideration and the income
approach for the acquired developed technology intangible asset, as well as the reasonableness of certain
significant assumptions, including the discount rate.

_Goodwill Impairment Assessment – Mobile Industrial Robots Reporting Unit_

As described in Notes B and L to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s consolidated
goodwill balance was $416.4 million as of December 31, 2019, and the goodwill associated with the Mobile
Industrial Robots reporting unit was $123.6 million. Management assesses goodwill for impairment at least
annually in the fourth quarter, as of December 31, on a reporting unit basis, or more frequently when events and
circumstances occur indicating that the recorded goodwill may be impaired. As disclosed by management, if the
book value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the implied fair value of goodwill is compared with the
carrying amount of goodwill. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of goodwill, an
impairment charge is recorded in an amount equal to that excess. Management determines the fair value of a
reporting unit using the results derived from an income approach and a market approach, and weighting the fair
value determined under each approach to determine an estimated fair value for a reporting unit. Management’s
estimate of fair value for the Mobile Industrial Robots reporting unit, using the income approach, utilized the
following significant assumptions: forecasted revenues, discount rate and earnings before interest and taxes. The
determination of fair value of the Mobile Industrial Robots reporting unit using the market approach utilized the
following significant assumptions: revenue multiples from comparable companies.

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill
impairment assessment of the Mobile Industrial Robots reporting unit is a critical audit matter are (i) there was a
high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity in applying procedures relating to the fair value measurement of
the reporting unit due to the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value measurement
of the reporting unit, (ii) significant audit effort was required in performing procedures and evaluating the audit
evidence obtained relating to management’s fair value estimate and significant assumptions, including forecasted
revenues, discount rate, and earnings before interest and taxes for the income approach and revenue multiples
from comparable companies for the market approach, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals
with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in performing these procedures and evaluating the audit evidence
obtained.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with
forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the
effectiveness of controls relating to management’s goodwill impairment assessment, including controls over the
valuation of the Mobile Industrial Robots reporting unit. These procedures also included, among others, testing
management’s process for developing the fair value estimate, evaluating the appropriateness of the income
approach and market approach, including the weighting of estimated fair value between the two approaches,
testing the completeness, accuracy and relevance of underlying data used in the valuation approaches and
evaluating the significant assumptions used by management, including forecasted revenues, discount rate,

44


-----

earnings before interest and taxes, and revenue multiples from comparable companies. Evaluating management’s
assumptions related to the forecasted revenues and earnings before interest and taxes involved assessing whether
the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering the past performance of the reporting unit and
the consistency of the assumptions with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Evaluating the market
approach involved assessing whether the revenue multiples used by management were reasonable by comparing
to revenue multiples for comparable companies. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to
assist in the evaluation of the Company’s income approach and market approach, including the weighting of
estimated fair value between the two approaches and certain significant assumptions, including the discount rate.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Boston, Massachusetts
March 2, 2020

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1968.

45


-----

**TERADYNE, INC.**

**CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS**

**2019** **2018**

**(in thousands, except per**
**share information)**
**ASSETS**
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 773,924 $ 926,752
Marketable securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 137,303 190,096
Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $1,736 and $1,673
in 2019 and 2018, respectively . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 362,368 291,267
Inventories, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 196,691 153,541
Prepayments and other current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 188,598 170,826

Total current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,658,884 1,732,482
Property, plant and equipment, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 320,216 279,821
Operating lease right-of-use assets, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 57,539 —
Marketable securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 104,490 87,731
Deferred tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 75,185 70,848
Retirement plans assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18,457 16,883
Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10,332 11,509
Acquired intangible assets, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 125,480 125,482
Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 416,431 381,850

Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $2,787,014 $2,706,606

**LIABILITIES**
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 126,617 $ 100,688
Accrued employees’ compensation and withholdings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 163,883 148,566
Deferred revenue and customer advances . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 104,876 77,711
Other accrued liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 70,871 78,272
Operating lease liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19,476 —
Contingent consideration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9,106 34,865
Income taxes payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44,200 36,185

Total current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 539,029 476,287
Retirement plans liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 134,471 117,456
Long-term deferred revenue and customer advances . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 45,974 32,750
Long-term contingent consideration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30,599 35,678
Deferred tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14,070 20,662
Long-term other accrued liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19,535 37,547
Long-term operating lease liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 45,849 —
Long-term income taxes payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 82,642 83,891
Debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 394,687 379,981

Total liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,306,856 1,184,252

Commitments and contingencies (Note M)
**SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY**
Common stock, $0.125 par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized, 166,410 and 175,522
shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively . . . . . . 20,801 21,940
Additional paid-in capital . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,720,129 1,671,645
Accumulated other comprehensive loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (18,854) (13,040)
Accumulated deficit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (241,918) (158,191)

Total shareholders’ equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,480,158 1,522,354

Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $2,787,014 $2,706,606

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

46


-----

**TERADYNE, INC.**

**CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS**

**Years Ended December 31,**

**2019** **2018** **2017**

**(in thousands, except per share amounts)**
Revenues:
Products . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $1,887,674 $1,729,621 $1,784,695
Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 407,291 371,181 351,911

Total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2,294,965 2,100,802 2,136,606
Cost of revenues:
Cost of products . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 782,047 727,138 760,967
Cost of services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 173,089 153,270 154,186

Total cost of revenues (exclusive of acquired intangible assets
amortization shown separately below) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 955,136 880,408 915,153

Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,339,829 1,220,394 1,221,453
Operating expenses:
Selling and administrative . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 437,084 390,669 348,913
Engineering and development . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 322,824 301,505 307,305
Acquired intangible assets amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40,147 39,191 30,530
Restructuring and other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (13,880) 15,232 9,362

Total operating expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 786,175 746,597 696,110

Income from operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 553,654 473,797 525,343
Non-operating (income) expenses:
Interest income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (24,785) (26,704) (17,805)
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23,145 31,269 21,663
Other (income) expense, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29,522 1,431 (2,927)

Income before income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 525,772 467,801 524,412
Income tax provision . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 58,304 16,022 266,720

Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 467,468 $ 451,779 $ 257,692

Net income per common share:
Basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 2.74 $ 2.41 $ 1.30

Diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 2.60 $ 2.35 $ 1.28

Weighted average common shares—basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 170,425 187,672 198,069

Weighted average common shares—diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 179,459 192,605 201,641

Cash dividend declared per common share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 0.36 $ 0.36 $ 0.28

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

47


-----

**TERADYNE, INC.**

**CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME**

**Years Ended December 31,**

**2019** **2018** **2017**

**(in thousands)**
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $467,468 $451,779 $257,692
Other comprehensive income, net of tax:
Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax of $0, $0, $0 . . . . . . . (10,991) (28,442) 37,840
Available-for-sale marketable securities:
Unrealized gains (losses) on debt securities arising during period,
net of tax of $1,659, $(722), $1,903, respectively . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6,015 (2,110) 1,863
Less: Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net
income, net of tax of $(192), $(21), $(297), respectively . . . . . . . (690) 1,337 (441)

5,325 (773) 1,422
Defined benefit pension and post-retirement plans:
Amortization of prior service benefit included in net periodic
pension and post-retirement benefit, net of tax $(43), $(71),
$(154), respectively . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (148) (245) (272)

Other comprehensive (loss) income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (5,814) (29,460) 38,990

Comprehensive income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $461,654 $422,319 $296,682

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

48


-----

**TERADYNE, INC.**

**CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY**


**Accumulated**
**Other**
**Comprehensive**
**(Loss) Income**


**Retained**
**Earnings**
**(Accumulated**
**Deficit)**


**Common**
**Stock**
**Shares**


**Common**
**Stock Par**
**Value**


**Additional**
**Paid-in**
**Capital**


**Total**
**Shareholders’**
**Equity**


**(in thousands)**
**Year Ended December 31, 2016 . . . . . .** 199,177 $24,897 $1,593,684 $(20,214) $ 230,292 $1,828,659
Net issuance of common stock under
stock-based plans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2,211 277 10,747 11,024
Stock-based compensation expense . . . . . 33,982 33,982
Repurchase of common stock . . . . . . . . . . (5,840) (730) (199,574) (200,304)
Tax benefit related to stock options and
restricted stock units . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39,081 39,081
Cash dividends ($0.07 per share) . . . . . . . (55,478) (55,478)
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 257,692 257,692
Other comprehensive income . . . . . . . . . . 38,990 38,990

**Year Ended December 31, 2017 . . . . . .** 195,548 24,444 1,638,413 18,776 272,013 1,953,646

Net issuance of common stock under
stock-based plans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,613 201 (72) 129
Stock-based compensation expense . . . . . 33,304 33,304
Repurchase of common stock . . . . . . . . . . (21,639) (2,705) (829,651) (832,356)
Cash dividends ($0.09 per share) . . . . . . . (67,367) (67,367)
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 451,779 451,779
Other comprehensive loss . . . . . . . . . . . . (29,460) (29,460)
Reclassification of unrealized gains on
equity securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (3,125) 3,125 —
Reclassification of tax effects resulting
from the Tax Reform Act . . . . . . . . . . . 769 (769) —
Cumulative effect of changes in
accounting principle related to revenue
recognition . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12,679 12,679

**Year Ended December 31, 2018 . . . . . .** 175,522 21,940 1,671,645 (13,040) (158,191) 1,522,354

Net issuance of common stock under
stock-based plans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,784 223 10,399 10,622
Stock-based compensation expense . . . . . 38,085 38,085
Repurchase of common stock . . . . . . . . . . (10,896) (1,362) (489,840) (491,202)
Cash dividends ($0.09 per share) . . . . . . . (61,355) (61,355)
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 467,468 467,468
Other comprehensive loss . . . . . . . . . . . . (5,814) (5,814)

**Year Ended December 31, 2019 . . . . . .** 166,410 $20,801 $1,720,129 $(18,854) $(241,918) $1,480,158

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

49


-----

**TERADYNE, INC.**

**CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS**

**Years Ended December 31,**

**2019** **2018** **2017**

**(in thousands)**
Cash flows from operating activities:
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 467,468 $ 451,779 $ 257,692
Adjustments to reconcile net income from operations to net cash provided by operating
activities:
Depreciation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 70,834 67,415 66,122
Amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 49,821 45,809 41,953
Stock-based compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37,897 33,577 34,097
Deferred taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (9,456) 28,340 37,105
Provision for excess and obsolete inventory . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15,244 11,242 8,844
Investment impairment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15,000 — —
Contingent consideration fair value adjustment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (19,257) 987 7,820
(Gains) losses on investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (6,033) 3,494 (878)
Retirement plans actuarial losses (gains) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8,176 (3,316) (6,624)
Property insurance recovery, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — — (4,309)
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 766 1,083 1,585
Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of businesses acquired:
Accounts receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (70,440) (17,938) (80,584)
Inventories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (27,408) (29,498) 44,960
Prepayments and other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (23,784) (58,402) 2,254
Accounts payable and other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 49,279 13,693 43,574
Deferred revenue and customer advances . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39,313 13,379 4,984
Retirement plan contributions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (5,086) (4,334) (5,902)
Income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (13,584) (80,429) 173,802

Net cash provided by operating activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 578,750 476,881 626,495

Cash flows from investing activities:
Purchases of property, plant and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (134,642) (114,379) (105,375)
Proceeds from government subsidy for property, plant and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 7,920 —
Purchases of marketable securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (662,701) (918,744) (1,391,917)
Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 611,927 1,270,439 701,681
Proceeds from sales of marketable securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 105,586 846,122 527,746
Proceeds from insurance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2,912 1,126 5,064
Purchase of investment and acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (79,742) (169,474) —

Net cash (used for) provided by investing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (156,660) 923,010 (262,801)

Cash flows from financing activities:
Issuance of common stock under stock purchase and stock option plans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29,312 20,973 24,493
Repurchase of common stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (500,000) (823,478) (200,304)
Dividend payments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (61,305) (67,322) (55,447)
Payments related to net settlement of employee stock compensation awards . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (14,741) (20,023) (12,881)
Payments of contingent consideration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (27,615) (13,571) (1,050)

Net cash used for financing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (574,349) (903,421) (245,189)

Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (569) 439 3,454
(Decrease) Increase in cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (152,828) 496,909 121,959
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 926,752 429,843 307,884

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 773,924 $ 926,752 $ 429,843

Supplementary disclosure of cash flow information:
Cash paid for:
Interest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 5,996 $ 6,205 $ 6,446
Income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 81,410 $ 72,811 $ 53,775

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

50


-----

**TERADYNE, INC.**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS**

**A.** **THE COMPANY**

Teradyne, Inc. (“Teradyne”) is a leading global supplier of automation equipment for test and industrial
applications. Teradyne designs, develops, manufactures and sells automatic test systems used to test
semiconductors, wireless products, data storage and complex electronics systems in the consumer electronics,
wireless, automotive, industrial, computing, communications, and aerospace and defense industries. Teradyne’s
industrial automation products include collaborative robotic arms, autonomous mobile robots, and advanced
robotic control software used by global manufacturing and light industrial customers to improve quality, increase
manufacturing and material handling efficiency and decrease manufacturing costs. Teradyne’s automatic test
equipment and industrial automation products and services include:

-  semiconductor test (“Semiconductor Test”) systems;

-  industrial automation (“Industrial Automation”) products;

-  defense/aerospace (“Defense/Aerospace”) test instrumentation and systems, storage test (“Storage
Test”) systems, and circuit-board test and inspection (“Production Board Test”) systems (collectively
these products represent “System Test”); and

-  wireless test (“Wireless Test”) systems.

On February 26, 2018, Teradyne acquired Energid Technologies Corporation (“Energid”) for a total
purchase price of approximately $27.6 million. Energid’s technology enables and simplifies the programming of
complex robotic motions used in a wide variety of end markets, ranging from heavy industry to healthcare,
utilizing both traditional robots and collaborative robots. Energid is included in Teradyne’s Industrial
Automation segment.

On April 25, 2018, Teradyne acquired Mobile Industrial Robots ApS (“MiR”), a Danish limited liability
company. MiR is a leading maker of collaborative autonomous mobile robots (“AMRs”) for industrial
applications. The total purchase price was approximately $197.68 million, which included cash paid of
approximately $145.2 million and $52.6 million in fair value of contingent consideration payable upon
achievement of certain thresholds and targets for revenue and earnings before interest and taxes through 2020.
Contingent consideration for 2018 was $30.8 million and was paid in March 2019. Contingent consideration for
2019 was $9.1 million and is expected to be paid in March 2020. The maximum payment for the remaining MiR
contingent consideration that could be paid is $63.2 million. MiR is included in Teradyne’s Industrial
Automation segment.

On January 30, 2019, Teradyne acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Lemsys SA (“Lemsys”)
for a total purchase price of approximately $9.1 million. Lemsys strengthens Teradyne’s position in the
electrification of vehicles, solar and wind power, and industrial applications. Lemsys is included in Teradyne’s
Semiconductor Test segment.

On June 3, 2019, Teradyne invested $15.0 million in RealWear, Inc. (“RealWear”). RealWear, a private
company, develops and sells advanced wearable technology including industrial, hands-free, head-mounted
augmented reality devices that make the workplace safer and more productive. On February 28, 2020,
RealWear’s debt holder demanded repayment of its $25.0 million loan to RealWear. As a result, in the fourth
quarter of 2019, Teradyne recorded an impairment charge of $15.0 million to reduce its investment in RealWear
to zero as of December 31, 2019.

On November 13, 2019, Teradyne acquired 100% of the membership interests of AutoGuide, LLC
(“AutoGuide”), a maker of high payload AMRs, an emerging and fast growing segment of the global forklift
market. The total purchase price was approximately $81.7 million, which included cash paid of approximately

51


-----

$57.8 million and $24.0 million in fair value of contingent consideration payable upon achievement of certain
performance targets, extending potentially through 2022. The maximum contingent consideration that could be
paid is $106.9 million. AutoGuide’s AMRs are used for material transport of payloads up to 4,500 kg in
manufacturing, warehouse and logistics applications. These products complement MiR’s lower payload products.
AutoGuide is included in our Industrial Automation segment.

**B.** **ACCOUNTING POLICIES**

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Teradyne and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
All significant intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated. Certain prior years’ amounts were
reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.

**Preparation of Financial Statements and Use of Estimates**

The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent
liabilities. On an on-going basis, management evaluates its estimates, including those related to inventories,
investments, goodwill, intangible and other long-lived assets, accounts receivable, income taxes, deferred tax
assets and liabilities, pensions, warranties, contingent consideration liabilities, and loss contingencies.
Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on appropriate and customary assumptions that are
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results
may differ significantly from these estimates.

**Revenue Recognition**

_Revenue from Contracts with Customers_

Teradyne adopted Accounting Standard Codification (“ASC”) 606 “Revenue from Contracts with
Customers” on January 1, 2018 using the modified retrospective method for all contracts not completed as of the
date of adoption.

In accordance with ASC 606, Teradyne recognizes revenues, when or as control is transferred to a customer.
Teradyne’s determination of revenue is dependent upon a five step process outlined below.

-  Teradyne accounts for a contract with a customer when there is written approval, the contract is
committed, the rights of the parties, including payment terms, are identified, the contract has
commercial substance and consideration is probable of collection.

-  Teradyne periodically enters into contracts with customers in which a customer may purchase a
combination of goods and services, such as products with extended warranty obligations. Teradyne
determines performance obligations by assessing whether the products or services are distinct from the
other elements of the contract. In order to be distinct, the product or service must perform either on its
own or with readily available resources and must be separate within the context of the contract.

-  Teradyne considers the amount stated on the face of the purchase order to be the transaction price.
Teradyne does not have material variable consideration which could impact the stated purchase price
agreed to by Teradyne and the customer.

-  Transaction price is allocated to each individual performance obligation based on the standalone selling
price of that performance obligation. Teradyne uses standalone transactions when available to value
each performance obligation. If standalone transactions are not available, Teradyne will estimate the
standalone selling price through market assessments or cost plus a reasonable margin analysis. Any
discounts from standalone selling price are spread proportionally to each performance obligation.

52


-----

-  In order to determine the appropriate timing for revenue recognition, Teradyne first determines if the
transaction meets any of three criteria for over time recognition. If the transaction meets the criteria for
over time recognition, Teradyne recognizes revenue as the good or service is delivered. Teradyne uses
input variables such as hours or months utilized or costs incurred to determine the amount of revenue
to recognize in a given period. Input variables are used as they best align consumption with benefit to
the customer. For transactions that do not meet the criteria for over time recognition, Teradyne will
recognize revenue at a point in time based on an assessment of the five criteria for transfer of control.
Teradyne has concluded that revenue should be recognized when shipped or delivered based on
contractual terms. Typically, acceptance of Teradyne’s products and services is a formality as Teradyne
delivers similar systems, instruments and robots to standard specifications. In cases where acceptance
is not deemed a formality, Teradyne will defer revenue recognition until customer acceptance.

_Performance Obligations_

_Products_

Teradyne products consist primarily of semiconductor test systems and instruments, defense/aerospace test
instrumentation and systems, storage test systems and instruments, circuit-board test and inspection systems and
instruments, industrial automation products and wireless test systems. Teradyne’s hardware is recognized at a
point in time upon transfer of control to the customer.

_Services_

Teradyne services consist of extended warranties, training and application support, service agreement, post
contract customer support (“PCS”) and replacement parts. Each service is recognized based on relative
standalone selling price. Extended warranty, training and support, service agreements and PCS are recognized
over time based on the period of service. Replacement parts are recognized at a point in time upon transfer of
control to the customer.

Teradyne does not allow customer returns or provide refunds to customers for any products or services.
Teradyne products include a standard 12-month warranty. This warranty is not considered a distinct performance
obligation because it does not obligate Teradyne to provide a separate service to the customer and it cannot be
purchased separately. Cost related to warranty are included in cost of revenues when product revenues are
recognized.

As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, deferred revenue and customer advances consisted of the following and
are included in the short and long-term deferred revenue and customer advances:

**2019** **2018**

**(in thousands)**
Maintenance, service and training . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 63,815 $ 58,362
Extended warranty . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30,677 27,422
Customer advances, undelivered elements and other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 56,358 24,677

Total deferred revenue and customer advances . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $150,850 $110,461

53


-----

**Product Warranty**

Teradyne generally provides a one-year warranty on its products, commencing upon installation, acceptance
or shipment. A provision is recorded upon revenue recognition to cost of revenues for estimated warranty
expense based on historical experience. Related costs are charged to the warranty accrual as incurred. The
balance below is included in other accrued liabilities:

**Amount**

**(in thousands)**
Balance at December 31, 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 7,203
Accruals for warranties issued during the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14,223
Accruals related to pre-existing warranties . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (379)
Settlements made during the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (12,847)

Balance at December 31, 2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8,200
Acquisition . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41
Accruals for warranties issued during the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13,045
Accruals related to pre-existing warranties . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 921
Settlements made during the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (14,298)

Balance at December 31, 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7,909
Acquisition . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
Accruals for warranties issued during the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14,106
Accruals related to pre-existing warranties . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4,026
Settlements made during the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (17,059)

Balance at December 31, 2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 8,996

When Teradyne receives revenue for extended warranties, beyond one year, it is deferred and recognized on
a straight-line basis over the contract period. Related costs are expensed as incurred. The balance below is
included in short and long-term deferred revenue and customer advances:

**Amount**

**(in thousands)**
Balance at December 31, 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 28,200
Deferral of new extended warranty revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20,513
Recognition of extended warranty deferred revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (24,275)

Balance at December 31, 2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24,438
Deferral of new extended warranty revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23,753
Recognition of extended warranty deferred revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (20,769)

Balance at December 31, 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27,422
Deferral of new extended warranty revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23,271
Recognition of extended warranty deferred revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (20,016)

Balance at December 31, 2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 30,677

**Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts**

Trade accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. The volatility of the
industries that Teradyne serves can cause certain of its customers to experience shortages of cash flows, which
can impact their ability to make required payments. Teradyne maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for
estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. Estimated allowances
for doubtful accounts are reviewed periodically taking into account the customer’s recent payment history, the
customer’s current financial statements and other information regarding the customer’s credit worthiness.
Account balances are written off against the allowance when it is determined the receivable will not be
recovered.

54


-----

Teradyne sells certain trade accounts receivables on a non-recourse basis to third-party financial institutions
pursuant to factoring agreements. Teradyne accounts for these transactions as sales of receivables and presents
cash proceeds as a cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Total trade
accounts receivable sold under the factoring agreements were $143.6 million and $52.2 million during 2019 and
2018, respectively. Factoring fees for the sales of receivables are recorded in interest expense and are not
material.

**Inventories**

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out basis) or net realizable value. On a quarterly
basis, Teradyne uses consistent methodologies to evaluate all inventories for net realizable value. Teradyne
records a provision for both excess and obsolete inventory when such write-downs or write-offs are identified
through the quarterly review process. The inventory valuation is based upon assumptions about future demand,
product mix and possible alternative uses.

**Investments**

Teradyne accounts for its investments in debt and equity securities in accordance with the provisions of
ASC 320-10, “Investments—Debt and Equity Securities.” ASC 320-10 requires that certain debt and equity
securities be classified into one of three categories; trading, available-for-sale or held-to-maturity securities. On a
quarterly basis, Teradyne reviews its investments to identify and evaluate those that have an indication of a
potential other-than-temporary impairment. Factors considered in determining whether a loss is other-thantemporary include:

-  The length of time and the extent to which the market value has been less than cost;

-  The financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer; and

-  The intent and ability to retain the investment in the issuer for a period of time sufficient to allow for
any anticipated recovery in market value.

Teradyne uses the market and income approach techniques to value its financial instruments and there were
no changes in valuation techniques during the twelve months ended December 31, 2019 and 2018. As defined in
ASC 820-10, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,” fair value is the price that would be received from the
sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. ASC 820-10
requires that assets and liabilities carried at fair value be classified and disclosed in one of the following three
categories:

Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets as of the reporting date;

Level 2: Inputs other than Level 1, that are observable either directly or indirectly as of the reporting date.
For example, a common approach for valuing fixed income securities is the use of matrix pricing. Matrix
pricing is a mathematical technique used to value securities by relying on the securities’ relationship to other
benchmark quoted prices, and is considered a Level 2 input; or

Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are not supported by market data. Unobservable inputs are developed
based on the best information available, which might include Teradyne’s own data.

In accordance with ASC 820-10, Teradyne measures its debt and equity investments at fair value.
Teradyne’s debt investments are classified as Level 2, and equity investments are classified as Level 1.
Acquisition-related contingent consideration is classified as Level 3. Teradyne determines the fair value of
acquisition-related contingent consideration using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Assumptions utilized in the
model include forecasted revenues, revenue volatility, earnings before interest and taxes, and discount rate.

55


-----

**Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities**

In January 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued ASU 2016-01, “Financial
_Instruments—Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial_
_Liabilities.” Teradyne adopted the new accounting guidance in the first quarter of 2018 using the modified_
retrospective approach. This guidance requires that changes in fair value of equity securities be accounted for
directly in earnings. Previously, the changes in fair value were recorded in accumulated other comprehensive
income on the balance sheet. Teradyne continues to record realized gains in interest income and realized losses in
interest expense. The adoption of this new accounting guidance increased the January 1, 2018 retained earnings
balance by $3.1 million and decreased the accumulated other comprehensive income balance by the same
amount.

**Investment in Other Company**

Teradyne holds an investment in a private company that develops and sells advanced wearable technology.
Teradyne does not have the ability to exert significant influence over the company. The investment was recorded
at cost and is evaluated for impairment or an indication of changes in fair value resulting from observable price
changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer on a quarterly basis.
See Note D: “Acquisitions and Investment in Other Company.”

**Prepayments**

Prepayments consist of the following and are included in prepayments and other current assets on the
balance sheet:

**2019** **2018**

**(in thousands)**
Contract manufacturer and supplier prepayments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $143,392 $131,642
Prepaid taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8,046 9,646
Prepaid maintenance and other services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8,503 8,487
Other prepayments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16,753 12,744

Total prepayments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $176,694 $162,519

**Retirement and Postretirement Plans**

Teradyne recognizes net actuarial gains and losses and the change in the fair value of the plan assets in its
operating results in the year in which they occur or upon any interim remeasurement of the plans. Teradyne
calculates the expected return on plan assets using the fair value of the plan assets. Actuarial gains and losses are
generally measured annually as of December 31 and, accordingly, recorded during the fourth quarter of each year
or upon any interim remeasurement of the plans.

**Retirement Benefits**

In March 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-07, “Compensation—Retirement Benefits (Topic 715):
_Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit_
_Cost.” Teradyne retrospectively adopted the new accounting guidance on presentation of net periodic pension_
costs and net periodic postretirement benefit costs in the first quarter of 2018. This guidance requires the service
cost component of net benefit costs to be reported in the same line item in the consolidated statement of
operations as other employee compensation costs. The non-service components of net benefit costs such as
interest cost, expected return on assets, amortization of prior service cost, and actuarial gains or losses, are
required to be reported separately outside of income or loss from operations. Following the adoption of this
guidance, Teradyne continues to record the service cost component in the same line item as other employee

56


-----

compensation costs and the non-service components of net benefit costs such as interest cost, expected return on
assets, amortization of prior service cost, and actuarial gains or losses are reported within other (income)
expense, net. In the twelve months ended December 31, 2017, the retrospective adoption of this standard
decreased income from operations by $5.0 million, due to the removal of net actuarial pension gains and
increased non-operating (income) expense by the same amount with no impact to net income.

**Goodwill, Intangible and Long-Lived Assets**

Teradyne accounts for goodwill and intangible assets in accordance with ASC 350-10, “Intangibles_Goodwill and Other.” Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful economic life and are carried at_
cost less accumulated amortization. Goodwill is assessed for impairment at least annually in the fourth quarter, as
of December 31, on a reporting unit basis, or more frequently when events and circumstances occur indicating
that the recorded goodwill may be impaired. In accordance with ASC 350-10, Teradyne has the option to perform
a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is
less than its carrying amount. If Teradyne determines this is the case, Teradyne is required to perform the
two-step goodwill impairment test to identify potential goodwill impairment and measure the amount of goodwill
impairment loss to be recognized. If Teradyne determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the
reporting unit is greater than its carrying amounts, the two-step goodwill impairment test is not required.

In accordance with ASC 360-10, “Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets,” Teradyne reviews longlived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable or that the useful lives of these assets are no longer
appropriate. Each impairment test is based on a comparison of the estimated undiscounted cash flows to the
recorded value of the asset. If impairment is indicated, the asset is written down to its estimated fair value based
on a discounted cash flow analysis. The cash flow estimates used to determine the impairment, if any, contain
management’s best estimates using appropriate assumptions and projections at that time.

**Business Combination**

Teradyne recognizes the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their
estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The fair value of identifiable intangible assets is based on detailed
cash flow valuations that use information and assumptions provided by management. Teradyne estimates the fair
value of contingent consideration at the time of the acquisition using all pertinent information known to us at the
time to assess the probability of payment of contingent amounts or through the use of a Monte Carlo simulation
model. Teradyne allocates any excess purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets
acquired and liabilities assumed to goodwill. The assumptions used in the valuations for our acquisitions may
differ materially from actual results depending on performance of the acquired businesses and other factors.
While Teradyne believes the assumptions used were appropriate, different assumptions in the valuation of assets
acquired and liabilities assumed could have a material impact on the timing and extent of impact on our
statements of operations. Goodwill is assigned to reporting units as of the date of the related acquisition.

**Property, Plant and Equipment**

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
Leasehold improvements and major renewals are capitalized and included in property, plant and equipment
accounts while expenditures for maintenance and repairs and minor renewals are charged to expense. When
assets are retired, the assets and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any
resulting gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of operations.

57


-----

Teradyne provides for depreciation of its assets principally on the straight-line method with the cost of the
assets being charged to expense over their useful lives as follows:

Buildings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40 years
Building improvements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5 to 10 years
Leasehold improvements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lesser of lease term or 10 years
Furniture and fixtures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10 years
Test systems manufactured internally . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 years
Machinery, equipment and software . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3 to 5 years

Test systems manufactured internally are used by Teradyne for customer evaluations and manufacturing and
support of its customers. Teradyne depreciates the test systems manufactured internally over a six-year life to
cost of revenues, engineering and development, and selling and administrative expenses. Teradyne often sells
internally manufactured test equipment to customers. Upon the sale of an internally manufactured test system,
the net book value of the system is transferred to inventory and expensed as cost of revenues. The net book value
of internally manufactured test systems sold in the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017 was
$5.0 million, $3.8 million, and $3.6 million, respectively.

**Leases**

In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards
Update (“ASU”) 2016-02, “Leases (Topic 842)” (“Topic 842”), which requires a lessee to record a right-of-use
(“ROU”) asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for operating leases with terms longer than twelve
months. Teradyne adopted this standard and the related amendments (collectively “ASC 842”) on January 1,
2019 and utilized the modified retrospective approach provided by ASU 2018-11, “Leases (Topic 842): Targeted
_Improvements,” that allowed for a cumulative effect adjustment in the period of adoption. Under this method of_
adoption, the comparative information in the consolidated financial statements has not been revised and
continues to be reported under the previously applicable lease accounting guidance (ASC 840). Teradyne also
utilized the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance which included the carryforward of historical lease classification. Adoption of ASC 842 resulted in recording ROU assets and lease
liabilities of approximately $50.1 million and $54.3 million, respectively. Operating lease liabilities were
calculated using the discount rate on January 1, 2019. The adoption of ASC 842 did not have a material impact
on beginning retained earnings, the consolidated statement of operations, cash flows, or earnings per share.

Under ASC 842, a contract is or contains a lease when Teradyne has the right to control the use of an
identified asset. Teradyne determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception of the contract, which is the date
on which the terms of the contract are agreed to and the agreement creates enforceable rights and obligations.
The commencement date of the lease is the date that the lessor makes an underlying asset available for use by
Teradyne. As of December 31, 2019, Teradyne does not have material leases that have not yet commenced.

Teradyne determines if the lease is an operating or finance lease at the lease commencement date based
upon the terms of the lease and the nature of the asset. The lease term used to calculate the lease liability includes
options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised.

For leases commencing after January 1, 2019, the lease liability is measured at the present value of future
lease payments, discounted using the discount rate for the lease at the commencement date. As Teradyne is
typically unable to determine the implicit rate, Teradyne uses an incremental borrowing rate based on the lease
term and economic environment at commencement date. Teradyne initially measures payments based on an
index by using the applicable rate at lease commencement. Variable payments that do not depend on an index are
not included in the lease liability and are recognized as they are incurred. The ROU asset is initially measured as
the amount of lease liability, adjusted for any initial lease costs, prepaid lease payments, and reduced by any
lease incentives.

58


-----

Teradyne’s contracts often include non-lease components such as common area maintenance. Teradyne
elected the practical expedient to account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component.
For leases with a term of one year or less Teradyne has elected not to record the lease asset or liability. The lease
payments are recognized in the consolidated statement of earnings on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
Teradyne includes lease costs within cost of revenues and operating expenses. See Note I: “Leases.”

**Engineering and Development Costs**

Teradyne’s products are highly technical in nature and require a large and continuing engineering and
development effort. Software development costs incurred prior to the establishment of technological feasibility
are charged to expense. Software development costs incurred subsequent to the establishment of technological
feasibility are capitalized until the product is available for release to customers. To date, the period between
achieving technological feasibility and general availability of the product has been short and software
development costs eligible for capitalization have not been material. Engineering and development costs are
expensed as incurred and consist primarily of salaries, contractor fees including non-recurring engineering
charges related to product design, allocated facility costs, depreciation, and tooling costs.

**Stock Compensation Plans and Employee Stock Purchase Plan**

Stock-based compensation expense is based on the grant-date fair value estimated in accordance with the
provisions of ASC 718-10, “Compensation-Stock Compensation.”

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, “Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718):
_Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.” Teradyne adopted this ASU in the first quarter of_
2017. This ASU changes how Teradyne accounts for certain aspects of share-based payment awards to
employees, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as
well as classification in the statements of cash flows.

Adoption of this ASU required recognition of a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings for any
prior year excess tax benefits or tax deficiencies not previously recorded. The cumulative effect adjustment of
$39 million was recorded in the first quarter of 2017 as an increase to retained earnings and deferred tax assets.

This ASU also required a change in how Teradyne recognizes the excess tax benefits or tax deficiencies
related to stock-based compensation. Prior to adopting ASU 2016-09, these excess tax benefits or tax deficiencies
were credited or charged to additional paid-in capital in Teradyne’s consolidated balance sheets. In accordance
with ASU 2016-09, starting in the first quarter of 2017, these excess tax benefits or tax deficiencies are
recognized as a discrete tax benefit or discrete tax expense to the current income tax provision in Teradyne’s
consolidated statements of operations.

ASU 2016-09 requires companies to adopt the amendment related to accounting for excess tax benefits or
tax deficiencies on a prospective basis. In 2019, 2018 and 2017, Teradyne recognized a discrete tax benefit of
$4.9 million, $7.6 million and $6.3 million, respectively, related to net excess tax benefit.

In addition, under ASU 2016-09, all excess tax benefits related to share-based payments are reported as cash
flows from operating activities. Previously, excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements were
reported as cash flows from financing activities. The classification amendment was applied prospectively. This
ASU also clarifies that all cash payments made to taxing authorities on the employees’ behalf for withheld shares
should be presented as financing activities on the statement of cash flows. Previously, Teradyne reported cash
payments made to taxing authorities as operating activities on the statement of cash flows. This change was
applied retrospectively.

Upon adoption of ASU 2016-09, Teradyne made an accounting policy election to continue accounting for
forfeitures by applying an estimated forfeiture rate and to continue to recognize compensation costs only for
those stock-based compensation awards expected to vest.

59


-----

Under its stock compensation plans, Teradyne has granted stock options, restricted stock units and
performance-based restricted stock units, and employees are eligible to purchase Teradyne’s common stock
through its Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”).

**Income Taxes**

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax
basis of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the
differences are expected to reverse. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced by a valuation allowance
if it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Teradyne performed the
required assessment of positive and negative evidence regarding the realization of the net deferred tax assets in
accordance with ASC 740, “Accounting for Income Taxes.” This assessment included the evaluation of
scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, estimates of projected future taxable income and tax-planning
strategies. Although realization is not assured, based on its assessment, Teradyne concluded that it is more likely
than not that such assets, net of the existing valuation allowance, will be realized.

**Advertising Costs**

Teradyne expenses all advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs were $16.6 million, $15.4 million and
$9.1 million in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.

**Translation of Non-U.S. Currencies**

The functional currency for all non-U.S. subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar, except for Universal Robots, MiR
and Lemsys for which the local currency is its functional currency. All foreign currency denominated monetary
assets and liabilities are remeasured on a monthly basis into the functional currency using exchange rates in
effect at the end of the period. All foreign currency denominated non-monetary assets and liabilities are
remeasured into the functional currency using historical exchange rates. Net foreign exchange gains and losses
resulting from remeasurement are included in other (income) expense, net. For Universal Robots, MiR and
Lemsys, assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect at the end of the
period. Revenues and expense amounts are translated using an average of exchange rates in effect during the
period. Translation adjustments are recorded within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the
balance sheet.

Net foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from remeasurement are included in other (income)
expense, net. For the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017, (gains) losses from the remeasurement of
the monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies were $(1.6) million, $(2.5) million, and
$2.9 million, respectively.

These amounts do not reflect the corresponding (gains) losses from foreign exchange contracts. See Note H:
“Financial Instruments” regarding foreign exchange contracts.

**Net Income (Loss) per Common Share**

Basic net income (loss) per common share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Except where the result would be anti-dilutive,
diluted net income (loss) per common share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) by the sum of the
weighted average number of common shares plus common stock equivalents, if applicable.

With respect to its convertible debt issued in 2016, Teradyne has determined that it has the ability and intent
to settle the principal of the convertible debt in cash; accordingly, the principal amount is excluded from the
determination of diluted earnings per share. As a result, Teradyne is accounting for the conversion spread using
the treasury stock method.

60


-----

**Comprehensive Income (Loss)**

Comprehensive income (loss) includes net income, unrealized pension and postretirement prior service costs
and benefits, unrealized gains and losses on investments in debt marketable securities and foreign currency
translation adjustment. Prior to 2018, comprehensive income (loss) included unrealized gains and losses on
investments in equity marketable securities.

**C.** **RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS**

On January 26, 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-04, “Intangibles—Goodwill and Other (Topic 350):
_Simplifying the Accounting for Goodwill Impairment.” The new guidance removes Step 2 of the goodwill_
impairment test, which requires a hypothetical purchase price allocation. Goodwill impairment will now be the
amount by which a reporting unit’s carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of
goodwill. All other goodwill impairment guidance will remain largely unchanged. Entities will continue to have
the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine if a quantitative impairment test is necessary. The
same one-step impairment test will be applied to goodwill at all reporting units, even those with zero or negative
carrying amounts. Entities will be required to disclose the amount of goodwill at reporting units with zero or
negative carrying amounts. The revised guidance will be applied prospectively, and is effective in 2020. Early
adoption is permitted for any impairment tests performed after January 1, 2017. This pronouncement is not
expected to have a material impact on Teradyne’s financial position, results of operations and statements of cash
flows.

**D.** **ACQUISITIONS AND INVESTMENT IN OTHER COMPANY**

**Acquisitions**

**_AutoGuide LLC_**

On November 13, 2019, Teradyne acquired 100% of the membership interests of AutoGuide, LLC
(“AutoGuide”), a maker of high-payload AMRs, based in Chelmsford, MA, an emerging and fast growing
segment of the global forklift market. The total purchase price was approximately $81.7 million, which included
cash paid of approximately $57.8 million and $24.0 million in fair value of contingent consideration payable
upon achievement of certain performance targets, extending potentially through 2022. At December 31, 2019, the
maximum contingent consideration that could be paid is $106.9 million.

The contingent consideration is payable upon achievement of certain thresholds and targets for revenue and
earnings before interest and taxes for periods from January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2020, January 1, 2019 to
December 31, 2021, and January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2022.

The valuation of the contingent consideration is dependent on the following assumptions: forecasted
revenues, revenue volatility, earnings before interest and taxes, and discount rate. These assumptions were
estimated based on a review of the historical and projected results.

The AutoGuide acquisition was accounted for as a business combination and, accordingly, the results have
been included in Teradyne’s consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition. AutoGuide’s AMRs
are used for material transport of payloads up to 4,500 kg in manufacturing, warehouse and logistics applications.
These products complement MiR’s lower payload products and expand the Industrial Automation segment,
which is a key component of Teradyne’s growth strategy.

The preliminary allocation of the total purchase price to AutoGuide’s net tangible assets and identifiable
intangible assets was based on their estimated preliminary fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of the
purchase price over the identifiable intangible assets and net tangible assets in the amount of $41.4 million was
allocated to goodwill, which is deductible for tax purposes. AutoGuide’s results have been included in
Teradyne’s Industrial Automation segment from the date of acquisition.

61


-----

The following table represents the preliminary allocation of the purchase price:

**Purchase Price Allocation**

**(in thousands)**
Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $41,372
Intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37,660
Tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed:
Other current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3,661
Non-current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,227
Accounts payable and current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (1,223)
Long-term other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (949)

Total purchase price . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $81,748

Teradyne estimated the fair value of intangible assets using the income approach. Forecasted revenues is the
key assumption for estimating the fair value. Acquired intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis
over their estimated useful lives. Components of these intangible assets and their estimated useful lives at the
acquisition date are as follows:


**Estimated Useful**
**Life**


**Fair Value**


**(in thousands)** **(in years)**
Developed technology . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $24,590 6.0
Customer relationships . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7,360 6.0
Trademarks and tradenames . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5,450 7.0
Backlog . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 260 0.3

Total intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $37,660 6.1

For the period from November 13, 2019 to December 31, 2019, AutoGuide contributed $1.4 million of
revenues and had a $(0.9) million loss before income taxes.

**_Lemsys SA_**

On January 30, 2019, Teradyne acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Lemsys SA (“Lemsys”)
for a total purchase price of approximately $9.1 million. Lemsys strengthens Teradyne’s position in the
electrification of vehicles, solar and wind power, and industrial applications. The Lemsys acquisition was
accounted for as a business combination and, accordingly, the results have been included in Teradyne’s
Semiconductor Test segment from the date of acquisition. Teradyne’s final allocation of the purchase price was
goodwill of $1.4 million, which is not deductible for tax purposes, acquired intangible assets of $4.6 million with
an average estimated useful life of 5.2 years, and $3.1 million of net tangible assets. The acquisition was not
material to Teradyne’s consolidated financial statements.

**_Mobile Industrial Robots_**

On April 25, 2018, Teradyne acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of MiR, a Danish limited
liability company located in Odense, Denmark. MiR is a leading maker of collaborative autonomous mobile
robots for industrial applications.

The total purchase price of $197.8 million included $145.2 million of cash paid and $52.6 million of
contingent consideration measured at fair value. The contingent consideration is payable in Euros upon the
achievement of certain thresholds and targets for revenue and earnings before interest and taxes for periods from
January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2018; January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2019; and January 1, 2018 to

62


-----

December 31, 2020. Contingent consideration for the period from January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2018 was
$31.0 million and was paid in March 2019. Contingent consideration for the period from January 1, 2018 to
December 31, 2019 was $9.1 million, based on the results during the period and modification of the earn-out
structure, and is expected to be paid in March 2020. At December 31, 2019, the remaining maximum amount of
contingent consideration that could be paid is $63.2 million.

The valuation of the contingent consideration is dependent on the following assumptions: forecasted
revenues, revenue volatility, earnings before interest and taxes, and discount rate. These assumptions were
estimated based on a review of the historical and projected results.

The MiR acquisition was accounted for as a business combination and, accordingly, the results have been
included in Teradyne’s consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition. MiR’s products will help
expand the Industrial Automation segment, which is a key component of our growth strategy. The allocation of
the total purchase price to MiR’s net tangible liabilities and identifiable intangible assets was based on their
estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of the purchase price over the identifiable intangible
assets and net tangible liabilities in the amount of $136.0 million was allocated to goodwill, which is not
deductible for tax purposes. MiR’s results have been included in Teradyne’s Industrial Automation segment from
the date of acquisition.

The following table represents the final allocation of the purchase price:

**Purchase Price Allocation**

**(in thousands)**
Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $135,976
Intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 80,670
Tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed:
Current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6,039
Non-current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,336
Accounts payable and current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (7,336)
Long-term deferred tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (18,007)
Other long-term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (900)

Total purchase price . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $197,778

Teradyne estimated the fair value of intangible assets using the income and cost approaches. Acquired
intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives.

Components of these intangible assets and their estimated useful lives at the acquisition date are as follows:


**Estimated Useful**
**Life**


**Fair Value**


**(in thousands)** **(in years)**
Developed technology . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $58,900 7.0
Trademarks and tradenames . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13,240 11.0
Customer relationships . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8,500 2.5
Backlog . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30 0.2

Total intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $80,670 7.2

For the period from April 25, 2018 to December 31, 2018, MiR contributed $24.1 million of revenues and
had a $(7.6) million loss before income taxes.

63


-----

**_Energid Technologies Corporation_**

On February 26, 2018, Teradyne acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Energid for a total
purchase price of approximately $27.6 million. Energid’s technology enables and simplifies the programming of
complex robotic motions used in a wide variety of end markets, ranging from heavy industry to healthcare,
utilizing both traditional robots and collaborative robots. The Energid acquisition was accounted for as a business
combination and, accordingly, Energid’s results have been included in Teradyne’s Industrial Automation
segment from the date of acquisition. As of the acquisition date, Teradyne’s purchase price allocation was
goodwill of $14.4 million which is deductible for tax purposes, acquired intangible assets of $12.3 million with
an average estimated useful life of 7.7 years, and $1.0 million of net tangible assets. The acquisition was not
material to Teradyne’s consolidated financial statements.

**_Pro Forma Information_**

The following unaudited pro forma information gives effect to the acquisition of AutoGuide as if the
acquisition occurred on January 1, 2018 and the acquisition of MiR as if the acquisition occurred on January 1,
2017. The unaudited pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of what actually would have occurred had
the acquisition been in effect for the periods presented:

**For the Year Ended**

**December 31, 2019** **December 31, 2018**

**(in thousands, except per**
**share amounts)**
Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $2,303,737 $2,111,373
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 464,602 $ 442,082
Net income per common share:
Basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 2.73 $ 2.36

Diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 2.59 $ 2.30

Pro forma results for the year ended December 31, 2019 were adjusted to exclude $1.2 million of
AutoGuide acquisition related costs and $0.1 million of AutoGuide non-recurring expense related to fair value
adjustment to acquisition-date inventory.

Pro forma results for the year ended December 31, 2018 were adjusted to include $1.2 million of AutoGuide
acquisition related costs and $0.4 million of AutoGuide non-recurring expense related to fair value adjustment to
acquisition-date inventory.

Pro forma results for the year ended December 31, 2018 were adjusted to exclude $2.9 million of MiR
acquisition related costs and $0.4 million of MiR non-recurring expense related to fair value adjustment to
acquisition-date inventory.

**_Investment in Other Company_**

On June 3, 2019, Teradyne invested $15.0 million in RealWear, Inc. (“RealWear”). RealWear, a private
company, develops and sells advanced wearable technology including industrial, hands-free, head-mounted
augmented reality devices that make the workplace safer and more productive. The investment was recorded at
cost and is evaluated for impairment or an indication of changes in fair value resulting from observable price
changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer on a quarterly basis. On
February 28, 2020, RealWear’s debt holder demanded repayment of its $25.0 million loan to RealWear. As a
result, in the fourth quarter of 2019, Teradyne recorded an impairment charge of $15.0 million to reduce its
investment in RealWear to zero as of December 31, 2019.

64


-----

**E.** **REVENUE**

**Disaggregation of Revenue**

The following table provides information about disaggregated revenue by timing of revenue recognition,
primary geographical market, and major product lines.

**Semiconductor Test** **Industrial Automation**


**Mobile**
**Industrial**
**Robots** **AutoGuide Energid**


**Corporate**
**and**
**Other** **Total**


**System**
**on-a-chip Memory**


**Universal**
**Robots**


**System**
**Test**


**Wireless**
**Test**


**(in thousands)**
**For the Year Ended December 31, 2019 (1)**
**_Timing of Revenue Recognition_**
Point in Time . . . . . . . . . . . $1,070,375 $247,221 $244,515 $44,329 $1,144 $ — $237,686 $148,322 $ (515) $1,993,077
Over Time . . . . . . . . . . . . . 216,065 18,910 3,952 74 234 3,891 49,769 8,993 — 301,888

**Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $1,286,440 $266,131 $248,467** $44,403 $1,378 $3,891 $287,455 $157,315 $ (515) $2,294,965

**_Geographical Market_**
Asia Pacific . . . . . . . . . . . . $1,152,881 $238,714 $ 67,806 $ 9,513 $ — $ 221 $132,826 $126,549 $ — $1,728,510
Americas . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 73,257 23,826 70,165 14,438 1,378 1,761 129,840 24,234 (515) 338,384
Europe, Middle East and
Africa . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60,302 3,591 110,496 20,452 — 1,909 24,789 6,532 — 228,071

**Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $1,286,440 $266,131 $248,467** $44,403 $1,378 $3,891 $287,455 $157,315 $ (515) $2,294,965

**For the Year Ended December 31, 2018 (1)**
**_Timing of Revenue Recognition_**
Point in Time . . . . . . . . . . . $1,010,493 $259,366 $231,895 $24,115 $ — $ 553 $167,418 $122,536 $(1,205) $1,815,171
Over Time . . . . . . . . . . . . . 208,456 14,102 2,200 — — 2,689 48,714 9,470 — 285,631

**Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $1,218,949 $273,468 $234,095** $24,115 $ — $3,242 $216,132 $132,006 $(1,205) $2,100,802

**_Geographical Market_**
Asia Pacific . . . . . . . . . . . . $1,067,879 $245,264 $ 58,381 $ 5,950 $ — $ 111 $ 90,989 $107,872 $ — $1,576,446
Americas . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 78,498 17,353 68,938 7,326 — 1,540 96,763 19,166 (1,205) 288,379
Europe, Middle East and
Africa . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 72,572 10,851 106,776 10,839 — 1,591 28,380 4,968 — 235,977

**Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $1,218,949 $273,468 $234,095** $24,115 $ — $3,242 $216,132 $132,006 $(1,205) $2,100,802

(1) Includes $8.4 million and $12.0 million in 2019 and 2018, respectively, for leases of Teradyne’s systems
recognized outside of ASC 606: “Revenue from Contracts with Customers.”

_Contract Balances_

For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, Teradyne recognized $65.6 million and $69.9 million,
respectively, that was previously included within the deferred revenue and customer advances balances. This
revenue primarily relates to undelivered hardware, extended warranties, training, application support, and post
contract support. Each of these represents a distinct performance obligation. Teradyne expects to recognize 70%
of the remaining performance obligation in the next 12 months, 26% in 1-3 years, and the remainder thereafter.

65


-----

**F.** **INVENTORIES**

Inventories, net consisted of the following at December 31, 2019 and 2018:

**2019** **2018**

**(in thousands)**
Raw material . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $118,595 $ 89,365
Work-in-process . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32,695 31,014
Finished goods . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 45,401 33,162

$196,691 $153,541

Inventory reserves for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 were $103.6 million and
$100.8 million, respectively.

**G.** **PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT**

Property, plant and equipment, net consisted of the following at December 31, 2019 and 2018:

**2019** **2018**

**(in thousands)**
Land . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 16,561 $ 16,561
Buildings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 107,282 105,935
Machinery, equipment and software . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 834,970 752,722
Furniture and fixtures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29,157 27,432
Leasehold improvements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 59,378 52,536
Construction in progress . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2,537 6,276

1,049,885 961,462
Less: accumulated depreciation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 729,669 681,641

$ 320,216 $279,821

Depreciation of property, plant and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017 was
$70.8 million, $67.4 million, and $66.1 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, the gross book
value included in machinery and equipment for internally manufactured test systems being leased by customers
was $5.4 million and $5.5 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, the accumulated
depreciation on these test systems was $5.1 million and $5.2 million, respectively.

**H.** **FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS**

**Cash Equivalents**

Teradyne considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the date of
acquisition to be cash equivalents.

**Marketable Securities**

Effective January 1, 2018, Teradyne adopted ASU 2016-01, “Financial Instruments—Overall (Subtopic
_825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities,” using the modified_
retrospective approach. This guidance requires that changes in fair value of equity securities be accounted for
directly in earnings. Prior to 2018, the changes in fair value of equity securities were recorded in accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss) on the balance sheet.

Teradyne’s available-for-sale debt securities are classified as Level 2, and equity and debt mutual funds are
classified as Level 1. Contingent consideration is classified as Level 3. The vast majority of Level 2 securities are

66


-----

fixed income securities priced by third party pricing vendors. These pricing vendors utilize the most recent
observable market information in pricing these securities or, if specific prices are not available, use other
observable inputs like market transactions involving identical or comparable securities.

During the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, there were no transfers in or out of Level 1, Level 2,
or Level 3 financial instruments.

Realized gains recorded in 2019, 2018, and 2017 were $1.3 million, $4.0 million, and $1.1 million,
respectively. Realized losses recorded in 2019, 2018, and 2017 were $0.2 million, $1.6 million, and $0.3 million,
respectively. Realized gains are included in interest income and realized losses are included in interest expense.

Unrealized gains on equity securities recorded during the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 were
$5.3 million and $1.4 million, respectively. Unrealized losses on equity securities recorded during the years
ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 were $0.4 million and $7.4 million, respectively. Unrealized gains on equity
securities are included in interest income and unrealized losses are included in interest expense. Unrealized gains
and losses on available-for-sale debt securities are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
on the balance sheet.

The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method.

The following table sets forth by fair value hierarchy Teradyne’s financial assets and liabilities that were
measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2019 and 2018:

**December 31, 2019**


**Quoted Prices**
**in Active**
**Markets for**
**Identical**
**Instruments**
**(Level 1)**


**Significant**
**Other**
**Observable**
**Inputs**
**(Level 2)**


**Significant**
**Unobservable**
**Inputs**
**(Level 3)** **Total**


**(in thousands)**
Assets
Cash . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $311,975 $ — $ — $ 311,975
Cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 410,285 51,664 — 461,949
Available for sale securities:
Corporate debt securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 97,307 — 97,307
Commercial paper . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 54,149 — 54,149
U.S. Treasury securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 42,382 — 42,382
U.S. government agency securities . . . . . . . . . . . — 9,952 — 9,952
Debt mutual funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6,888 — — 6,888
Certificates of deposit and time deposits . . . . . . . — 4,751 — 4,751
Non-U.S. government securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 592 — 592
Equity securities:
Equity mutual funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25,772 — — 25,772

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $754,920 $260,797 $ — $1,015,717
Derivative assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 528 — 528

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $754,920 $261,325 $ — $1,016,245

Liabilities
Contingent consideration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ — $ — $39,705 $ 39,705
Derivative liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 203 — 203

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ — $ 203 $39,705 $ 39,908

67


-----

Reported as follows:

**(Level 1)** **(Level 2)** **(Level 3)** **Total**

**(in thousands)**
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $722,260 $ 51,664 $ — $ 773,924
Marketable securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 137,303 — 137,303
Long-term marketable securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32,660 71,830 — 104,490
Prepayments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 528 — 528

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $754,920 $261,325 $ — $1,016,245

Liabilities
Other current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ — $ 203 $ — $ 203
Contingent consideration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — — 9,106 9,106
Long-term contingent consideration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — — 30,599 30,599

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ — $ 203 $39,705 $ 39,908

**December 31, 2018**


**Quoted Prices**
**in Active**
**Markets for**
**Identical**
**Instruments**
**(Level 1)**


**Significant**
**Other**
**Observable**
**Inputs**
**(Level 2)**


**Significant**
**Unobservable**
**Inputs**
**(Level 3)** **Total**


**(in thousands)**
Assets
Cash . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $312,512 $ — $ — $ 312,512
Cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 253,525 360,715 — 614,240
Available for sale securities:
U.S. Treasury securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 109,721 — 109,721
Commercial paper . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 86,117 — 86,117
Corporate debt securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 40,020 — 40,020
U.S. government agency securities . . . . . . . . . . . — 9,611 — 9,611
Certificates of deposit and time deposits . . . . . . . — 7,604 — 7,604
Debt mutual funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3,187 — — 3,187
Non-U.S. government securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 376 — 376
Equity securities:
Equity mutual funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21,191 — — 21,191

$590,415 $614,164 $ — $1,204,579

Derivative assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 79 — 79

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $590,415 $614,243 $ — $1,204,658

Liabilities
Contingent consideration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ — $ — $70,543 $ 70,543
Derivative liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 514 — 514

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ — $ 514 $70,543 $ 71,057

68


-----

Reported as follows:

**(Level 1)** **(Level 2)** **(Level 3)** **Total**

**(in thousands)**
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $566,037 $360,715 $ — $ 926,752
Marketable securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 190,096 — 190,096
Long-term marketable securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24,378 63,353 — 87,731
Prepayments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 79 — 79

$590,415 $614,243 $ — $1,204,658

Liabilities
Other current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ — $ 514 $ — $ 514
Contingent consideration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — — 34,865 34,865
Long-term contingent consideration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — — 35,678 35,678

$ — $ 514 $70,543 $ 71,057

Changes in the fair value of Level 3 contingent consideration for the years ended December 31, 2019 and
2018 were as follows:

**Contingent Consideration**

**(in thousands)**
Balance at December 31, 2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 45,102
Acquisition of MiR . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 52,547
Foreign currency impact . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (3,540)
Payments (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (24,553)
Fair value adjustment (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 987

Balance at December 31, 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 70,543
Acquisition of AutoGuide . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23,976
Foreign currency impact . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (967)
Payments (3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (34,590)
Fair value adjustment (4) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (19,257)

Balance at December 31, 2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 39,705

(1) During the year ended December 31, 2018, Teradyne paid $24.6 million of contingent consideration for the
earn-out in connection with the acquisition of Universal Robots.
(2) During the year ended December 31, 2018, the fair value of contingent consideration for the earn-out in
connection with the acquisition of MiR was increased by $17.7 million primarily due to an increase in
forecasted revenues. During the year ended December 31, 2018, the fair value of contingent consideration
for the earn-out in connection with the acquisition of Universal Robots was decreased by $16.7 million
primarily due to a decrease in forecasted revenues.
(3) During the year ended December 31, 2019, Teradyne paid $30.8 million and $3.8 million of contingent
consideration for the earn-outs in connection with the acquisitions of MiR and Universal Robots,
respectively.
(4) During the year ended December 31, 2019, the fair value of contingent consideration for the earn-out in
connection with the acquisition of MiR was decreased by $22.2 million primarily due to a decrease in
forecasted revenues partially offset by the impact from modification of the earn-out structure. During the
year ended December 31, 2019, the fair value of contingent consideration for the earn-out in connection
with the acquisition of AutoGuide was increased by $3.0 million primarily due to an increase in forecasted
revenues.

69


-----

The following table provides quantitative information associated with the fair value measurement of
Teradyne’s Level 3 financial instrument:


**December 31,**
**2019**
**Fair Value**


**Valuation**
**Technique** **Unobservable Inputs**


**Weighted**
**Average**


**Liability**


**(in thousands)**
Contingent consideration $ 26,952 Monte Carlo simulation Revenue Volatility 11.5%
(AutoGuide)

Discount Rate 2.6%

Contingent consideration $12,753(1) Monte Carlo simulation Revenue Volatility 14.0%
(MiR)

Discount Rate 0.2%

(1) Contingent consideration related to MiR of $9.1 million is expected to be paid in March 2020.

As of December 31, 2019, the significant unobservable inputs used in the Monte Carlo simulation to fair
value the AutoGuide and MiR contingent consideration include forecasted revenues, revenue volatility, earnings
before interest and taxes and discount rate. Increases or decreases in the inputs would result in a higher or lower
fair value measurement. As of December 31, 2019, the maximum amount of contingent consideration that could
be paid in connection with the acquisition of AutoGuide is $106.9 million. The earn-out periods end on
December 31, 2020, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2019, the remaining
maximum amount of contingent consideration that could be paid in connection with the acquisition of MiR is
$63.2 million. The remaining earn-out period ends on December 31, 2020.

The carrying amounts and fair values of Teradyne’s financial instruments at December 31, 2019 and 2018
were as follows:

**December 31, 2019** **December 31, 2018**

**Carrying Value** **Fair Value** **Carrying Value** **Fair Value**

**(in thousands)**
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $773,924 $ 773,924 $926,752 $926,752
Marketable securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 241,793 241,793 277,827 277,827
Derivative assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 528 528 79 79
Liabilities
Contingent consideration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39,705 39,705 70,543 70,543
Derivative liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 203 203 514 514
Convertible debt (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 394,687 1,010,275 379,981 547,113

(1) The carrying value represents the bifurcated debt component only, while the fair value is based on quoted
market prices for the convertible note which includes the equity conversion features.

The fair values of accounts receivable, net and accounts payable approximate the carrying amount due to the
short term nature of these instruments.

70


-----

The following tables summarize the composition of available-for-sale marketable securities at December 31,
2019 and 2018:

**December 31, 2019**

**Available-for-Sale**


**Fair Market**
**Value of Investments**
**with Unrealized Losses**


**Unrealized**
**Gain**


**Unrealized**
**(Loss)**


**Fair Market**
**Value**


**Cost**


**(in thousands)**
Corporate debt securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 93,267 $4,081 $ (41) $ 97,307 $ 2,009
Commercial paper . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 54,124 26 (1) 54,149 1,391
U.S. Treasury securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42,167 431 (216) 42,382 17,556
U.S. government agency securities . . . . . . 9,942 14 (4) 9,952 3,043
Debt mutual funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6,753 135 — 6,888 —
Certificates of deposit and time
deposits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4,751 — — 4,751 —
Non-U.S. government securities . . . . . . . . 592 — — 592 —

$211,596 $4,687 $(262) $216,021 $23,999

Reported as follows:


**Fair Market**
**Value of Investments**
**with Unrealized Losses**


**Unrealized**
**Gain**


**Unrealized**
**(Loss)**


**Fair Market**
**Value**


**Cost**


**(in thousands)**
Marketable securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $137,144 $ 160 $ (1) $137,303 $ 2,922
Long-term marketable securities . . . . . . . . 74,452 4,527 (261) 78,718 21,077

$211,596 $4,687 $(262) $216,021 $23,999

**December 31, 2018**

**Available-for-Sale**


**Fair Market**
**Value of Investments**
**with Unrealized Losses**


**Unrealized**
**Gain**


**Unrealized**
**(Loss)**


**Fair Market**
**Value**


**Cost**


**(in thousands)**
U.S. Treasury securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $110,969 $112 $(1,360) $109,721 $ 75,040
Commercial paper . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 86,130 13 (26) 86,117 85,094
Corporate debt securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41,133 432 (1,545) 40,020 24,767
U.S. government agency securities . . . . . . 9,646 1 (36) 9,611 7,077
Certificates of deposit and time
deposits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7,604 — — 7,604 —
Debt mutual funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3,153 34 — 3,187 —
Non-U.S. government securities . . . . . . . . 376 — — 376 —

$259,011 $592 $(2,967) $256,636 $191,978

Reported as follows:


**Fair Market**
**Value of Investments**
**with Unrealized Losses**


**Unrealized**
**Gain**


**Unrealized**
**(Loss)**


**Fair Market**
**Value**


**Cost**


**(in thousands)**
Marketable securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $190,100 $ 88 $ (92) $190,096 $140,262
Long-term marketable securities . . . . . . . . 68,911 504 (2,875) 66,540 51,716

$259,011 $592 $(2,967) $256,636 $191,978

71


-----

As of December 31, 2019, the fair market value of investments with unrealized losses less than one year
totaled $23.6 million.

As of December 31, 2018, the fair market value of investments with unrealized losses totaled
$192.0 million. Of this value, $28.5 million had unrealized losses of $1.6 million greater than one year and
$163.5 million had unrealized losses of $1.4 million for less than one year.

Teradyne reviews its investments to identify and evaluate investments that have an indication of possible
impairment. Based on this review, Teradyne determined that the unrealized losses related to these investments at
December 31, 2019 and 2018, were not other than temporary.

The contractual maturities of investments in available-for-sale marketable securities held at December 31,
2019 were as follows:

**Cost** **Fair Value**

**(in thousands)**
Due within one year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $137,144 $137,303
Due after 1 year through 5 years . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15,264 15,351
Due after 5 years through 10 years . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14,436 14,576
Due after 10 years . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37,999 41,903

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $204,843 $209,133

Contractual maturities of investments in available-for-sale marketable securities held at December 31, 2019
exclude $6.9 million of debt mutual funds as they do not have a contractual maturity date.

**Derivatives**

Teradyne conducts business in a number of foreign countries, with certain transactions denominated in local
currencies. The purpose of Teradyne’s foreign currency management is to minimize the effect of exchange rate
fluctuations on certain foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities. Teradyne does not use
derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.

To minimize the effect of exchange rate fluctuations associated with the remeasurement of monetary assets
and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, Teradyne enters into foreign currency forward contracts. The
change in fair value of these derivatives is recorded directly in earnings, and is used to offset the change in value
of the monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies.

At December 31, 2019 and 2018, Teradyne had the following contracts to buy and sell non-U.S. currencies
for U.S. dollars and other non-U.S. currencies with the following notional amounts:

**December 31, 2019** **December 31, 2018**


**Buy**
**Position**


**Sell**
**Position**


**Net**
**Total**


**Buy**
**Position**


**Sell**
**Position**


**Net**
**Total**


**(in millions)**
Japanese Yen . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $(29.3) $ — $(29.3) $(35.0) $ — $(35.0)
Taiwan Dollar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (18.4) — (18.4) (11.2) — (11.2)
Korean Won . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (10.7) — (10.7) (9.6) — (9.6)
British Pound Sterling . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (3.8) — (3.8) (1.4) — (1.4)
Euro . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 47.8 47.8 — 82.2 82.2
Singapore Dollar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 25.3 25.3 — 15.7 15.7
Philippine Peso . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 5.2 5.2 — 5.2 5.2
Chinese Yuan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 4.4 4.4 — 2.8 2.8

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $(62.2) $82.7 $ 20.5 $(57.2) $105.9 $ 48.7

72


-----

The fair value of the outstanding contracts was a gain of $0.3 million and a loss of $0.4 million,
respectively, at December 31, 2019 and 2018.

Gains and losses on foreign currency forward contracts and foreign currency remeasurement gains and
losses on monetary assets and liabilities are included in other (income) expense, net.

The following table summarizes the fair value of derivative instruments as of December 31, 2019 and 2018:


**December 31,**
**2019**


**December 31,**
**2018**


**Balance Sheet Location**


**(in thousands)**
Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments:
Foreign exchange contracts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Prepayments $ 528 $ 79
Foreign exchange contracts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other current liabilities (203) (514)

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 325 $(435)

The following table summarizes the effect of derivative instruments in the statements of operations
recognized for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017.


**Location of (Gains) Losses**
**Recognized in Statement**
**of Operations**


**December 31,**
**2019**


**December 31,**
**2018**


**December 31,**
**2017**


**(in thousands)**
Derivatives not designated as hedging
instruments:
Foreign exchange contracts . . . . . . . . . . Other (income) expense, net $5,960 $7,386 $(1,133)

(1) The table does not reflect the corresponding gains and losses from the remeasurement of the monetary assets
and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies.
(2) For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, net gains from the remeasurement of monetary assets and
liabilities denominated in foreign currencies were $1.6 million and $2.5 million, respectively.
(3) For the year ended December 31, 2017, net losses from the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies were $2.9 million.

See Note J: “Debt” regarding derivatives related to the convertible senior notes.

**Concentration of Credit Risk**

Financial instruments which potentially subject Teradyne to concentrations of credit risk consist principally
of cash equivalents, marketable securities, forward currency contracts and accounts receivable. Teradyne’s cash
equivalents consist primarily of money market funds invested in U.S. Treasuries and government agencies.
Teradyne’s fixed income available-for-sale marketable securities have a minimum rating of AA by one or more
of the major credit rating agencies. Teradyne places foreign currency forward contracts with high credit-quality
financial institutions in order to minimize credit risk exposure. Concentrations of credit risk with respect to
accounts receivable are limited due to the large number of geographically dispersed customers. Teradyne
performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers’ financial condition and from time to time may require
customers to provide a letter of credit from a bank to secure accounts receivable. There were no customers who
accounted for 10% or more of Teradyne’s accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2019 and 2018.

**I.** **LEASES**

On January 1, 2019, Teradyne adopted ASC 842 using the modified retrospective approach. Under this
method of adoption, the comparative information in the consolidated financial statements has not been revised

73


-----

and continues to be reported under the previously applicable lease accounting guidance (ASC 840). Adoption of
ASC 842 resulted in recording ROU assets and lease liabilities of approximately $50.1 million and $54.3 million,
respectively. The adoption of ASC 842 did not have a material impact on beginning retained earnings, the
consolidated statement of operations, cash flows, or earnings per share.

Teradyne has facility and auto leases, which are accounted for as operating leases. Teradyne’s facility leases
are primarily used for administrative functions, research and development, manufacturing, and storage and
distribution. Remaining lease terms range from less than one year to twelve years.

Total lease expense for the year ended December 31, 2019 was $35.6 million and included $11.1 million of
variable lease costs and $2.6 million of costs related to short-term leases, which are not recorded on the
consolidated balance sheets.

At December 31, 2019, the weighted average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate for
operating leases was 4.5 years and 5.0%, respectively.

Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows:

**For the Year Ended**
**December 31, 2019**

**(in thousands)**
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities included in operating
cash flows . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $19,400
Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26,739

Maturities of lease liabilities as of December 31, 2019 were as follows:

**Operating Lease**

**(in thousands)**
2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $21,874
2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17,638
2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12,944
2023 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6,496
2024 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5,106
Thereafter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8,388

Total lease payments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 72,446
Less imputed interest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (7,121)

Total lease liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $65,325

As of December 31, 2018, future non-cancelable rent obligations as determined under ASC 840 were as
follows:

**Operating Lease**

**(in thousands)**
2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $19,570
2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18,293
2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13,578
2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9,693
2023 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5,449
Thereafter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9,472

Total lease payments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $76,055

74


-----

**J.** **DEBT**

**Convertible Senior Notes**

On December 12, 2016, Teradyne completed a private offering of $460.0 million aggregate principal
amount of 1.25% convertible senior unsecured notes (the “Notes”) due December 15, 2023 and received net
proceeds, after issuance costs, of approximately $450.8 million, $33.0 million of which was used to pay the net
cost of the convertible note hedge transactions and $50.1 million of which was used to repurchase 2.0 million
shares of Teradyne’s common stock under its existing stock repurchase program from purchasers of the Notes in
privately negotiated transactions effected through one of the initial purchasers or its affiliates conducted
concurrently with the pricing of the Note offering. The Notes will mature on December 15, 2023, unless earlier
repurchased or converted. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 1.25% per year payable semiannually in arrears on
June 15 and December 15 of each year. The Notes will be convertible at the option of the noteholders at any time
prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding September 15, 2023, only under the
following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter beginning after March 31, 2017 (and only during such
calendar quarter), if the closing sale price of Teradyne’s common stock, for at least 20 trading days (whether or
not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately
preceding calendar quarter is greater than 130% of the conversion price on each applicable trading day;
(2) during the five business day period after any five consecutive trading day period (the “measurement period”)
in which the trading price (as defined in the Indenture) per $1,000 principal amount of Notes for each trading day
of the measurement period was less than 98% of the product of the closing sale price of the Teradyne’s common
stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; and (3) upon the occurrence of specified corporate
events. On or after September 15, 2023 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day
immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert their Notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing
circumstances. Teradyne may satisfy its conversion obligation by paying or delivering cash, shares of its
common stock or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock, at Teradyne’s election. As of
December 31, 2019, the conversion price was approximately $31.62 per share of Teradyne’s common stock. The
conversion rate is subject to adjustment under certain circumstances.

Concurrent with the offering of the Notes, Teradyne entered into convertible note hedge transactions (the
“Note Hedge Transactions”) with the initial purchasers or their affiliates (the “Option Counterparties”). The Note
Hedge Transactions cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, the number of shares of the common
stock that underlie the Notes, with a strike price equal to the conversion price of the Notes of $31.62. The Note
Hedge Transactions cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, approximately 14.5 million shares of
Teradyne’s common stock.

Separately and concurrent with the pricing of the Notes, Teradyne entered into warrant transactions with the
Option Counterparties (the “Warrant Transactions”) in which it sold net-share-settled (or, at its election subject to
certain conditions, cash-settled) warrants to the Option Counterparties. The Warrant Transactions cover, subject
to customary anti-dilution adjustments, approximately 14.5 million shares of common stock. As of December 31,
2019, the strike price of the warrants was approximately $39.68 per share. The strike price is subject to
adjustment under certain circumstances. The Warrant Transactions could have a dilutive effect to Teradyne’s
common stock to the extent that the market price per share of Teradyne’s common stock, as measured under the
terms of the Warrant Transactions, exceeds the applicable strike price of the warrants.

The Note Hedge Transactions are expected to reduce the potential dilution to Teradyne’s common stock
upon any conversion of the Notes. However, the Warrant Transactions could separately have a dilutive effect to
the extent that the market value per share of Teradyne’s common stock exceeds the applicable strike price of the
warrant. The net cost of the Note Hedge Transactions, after being partially offset by the proceeds from the sale of
the warrants, was approximately $33.0 million.

In connection with establishing their initial hedge of these convertible note hedge and warrant transactions,
the Option Counterparties have entered into various derivative transactions with respect to Teradyne’s common

75


-----

stock and/or purchased shares of Teradyne’s common stock or other securities, including the Notes, concurrent
with, or shortly after, the pricing of the Notes. In addition, the Option Counterparties may modify their hedge
positions by entering into or unwinding various derivative transactions with respect to Teradyne’s common stock
or by selling Teradyne’s common stock or other securities, including the Notes, in secondary market transactions
(and may do so during any observation period related to the conversion of the Notes). These activities could
adversely affect the value of Teradyne’s common stock and the Notes.

Teradyne considered the guidance of ASC 815-40, “Derivatives and Hedging—Contracts in Entity’s Own
_Equity,” and concluded that the convertible note hedge is both indexed to Teradyne’s stock and should be_
classified in stockholders’ equity in its statements of financial position. The convertible note hedge is considered
indexed to Teradyne’s stock as the terms of the Note Hedge Transactions do not contain an exercise contingency
and the settlement amount equals the difference between the fair value of a fixed number of Teradyne’s shares
and a fixed strike price. Because the only variable that can affect the settlement amount is Teradyne’s stock price,
which is an input to the fair value of a fixed-for-fixed option contract, the convertible note hedge is considered
indexed to Teradyne’s stock.

Teradyne assessed whether the convertible note hedge should be classified as equity under ASC 815-40. In
the Note Hedge Transactions contract the settlement terms permit net cash settlement or net share settlement, at
the option of Teradyne. Therefore, the criteria as set forth in ASC 815-40 were evaluated by Teradyne. In
reviewing the criteria, Teradyne noted the following: (1) the convertible note hedge does not require Teradyne to
issue shares; (2) there is no requirement to net cash settle the convertible note hedge for failure to make timely
filings with the SEC; (3) in the case of termination, the convertible note hedge is settled in the same
consideration as the holders of the underlying stock; (4) the counterparty does not have rights that rank higher
than those of a shareholder of the stock underlying the convertible note hedge; and (5) there is no requirement to
post collateral. Based on its analysis of those criteria, Teradyne concluded that the convertible note hedge should
be recorded in equity and no further adjustment should be made in future periods to adjust the value of the
convertible note hedge.

Teradyne analyzed the Warrant Transactions under ASC 815-40, “Derivatives and Hedging—Contracts in
_Entity’s Own Equity,” and other relevant literature, and determined that it met the criteria for classification as an_
equity transaction and is considered indexed to Teradyne’s stock. As a result, Teradyne recorded the proceeds
from the warrants as an increase to additional paid-in capital. Teradyne does not recognize subsequent changes in
fair value of the warrants in its financial statements.

The provisions of ASC 470-20, “Debt with Conversion and Other Options,” are applicable to the Notes.
ASC 470-20 requires Teradyne to separately account for the liability (debt) and equity (conversion feature)
components of the Notes in a manner that reflects Teradyne’s nonconvertible debt borrowing rate at the date of
issuance when interest cost is recognized in subsequent periods. Teradyne allocated $100.8 million of the
$460.0 million principal amount of the Notes to the equity component, which represents a discount to the debt
and will be amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method through December 2023.
Accordingly, Teradyne’s effective annual interest rate on the Notes will be approximately 5.0%. The Notes are
classified as long-term debt in the balance sheet based on their December 15, 2023 maturity date. Debt issuance
costs of approximately $7.2 million are being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method
over the seven-year term of the Notes. As of December 31, 2019, debt issuance costs were approximately
$4.3 million.

76


-----

The below tables represents the key components of Teradyne’s convertible senior notes:

**December 31,**
**2019**


**December 31,**
**2018**


**(in thousands)**
Debt principal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $460,000 $460,000
Unamortized discount . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 65,313 80,019

Net carrying amount of convertible debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $394,687 $379,981

**For the year ended**


**December 31,**
**2019**


**December 31,**
**2018**


**(in thousands)**
Contractual interest expense on the coupon . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 5,750 $ 5,750
Amortization of the discount component and debt issue fees recognized as interest
expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14,706 13,995

Total interest expense on the convertible debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $20,456 $19,745

As of December 31, 2019, the unamortized discount was $65.3 million, which will be amortized over four
years using the effective interest rate method. The carrying amount of the equity component was $100.8 million.
As of December 31, 2019, the conversion price was approximately $31.62 per share and if converted the value of
the notes was $992.0 million.

**Revolving Credit Facility**

On June 27, 2019, Teradyne terminated its credit agreement, which Teradyne entered into with Barclays
Bank PLC on April 27, 2015. The terminated credit agreement, which was undrawn at termination, provided for
a five-year, senior secured revolving credit facility of up to $350 million.

77


-----

**K.** **ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME**

Changes in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, which is presented net of tax, consist of the
following:


**Unrealized**
**Gains**
**(Losses) on**
**Marketable**
**Securities**


**Foreign**
**Currency**
**Translation**
**Adjustment**


**Retirement**
**Plans Prior**
**Service**
**Credit** **Total**


**(in thousands)**
Balance at December 31, 2017, net of tax of $0, $1,815,
$(932) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 15,919 $ 1,362 $1,495 $ 18,776

Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications, net of
tax of $0, $(722), $0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (28,442) (2,110) — (30,552)
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other
comprehensive income, net of tax of $0, $(21), $(71) . . . — 1,337 (245) 1,092

Net current period other comprehensive loss, net of tax of
$0, $(743), $(71) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (28,442) (773) (245) (29,460)

Reclassification of tax effects resulting from the Tax
Reform Act, net of tax of $0, $(691), $(78),
respectively (a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 691 78 769
Reclassification of unrealized gains on equity securities, net
of tax of $0, $(902), $0, respectively, (b) . . . . . . . . . . . . . — (3,125) — (3,125)

Balance at December 31, 2018, net of tax of $0, $(521),
$(1,081) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (12,523) (1,845) 1,328 (13,040)

Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications,
net of tax of $0, $1,659, $0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (10,991) 6,015 — (4,976)
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other
comprehensive income, net of tax of $0, $(192), $(43) . . — (690) (148) (838)

Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income, net
of tax of $0, $1,467, $(43) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (10,991) 5,325 (148) (5,814)

Balance at December 31, 2019, net of tax of $0, $946,
$(1,124) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $(23,514) $ 3,480 $1,180 $(18,854)

(a) In the year ended December 31, 2018, Teradyne early adopted ASU 2018-02, “Income Statement—
_Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated_
_Other Comprehensive Income.” As a result, the stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Reform Act_
enacted in December 2017 were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained
earnings.
(b) In the year ended December 31, 2018, Teradyne adopted ASU 2016-01, “Financial Instruments—Overall
_(Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.” See_
Note B: “Accounting Policies.”

78


-----

Reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income to the statements of operations for the
years ended December 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017, were as follows:


**Details about Accumulated**
**Other Comprehensive Income**
**Components** **For the year ended**


**Affected Line Item**
**in the Statements**
**of Operations**


**December 31,**
**2019**


**December 31,**
**2018**


**December 31,**
**2017**


**(in thousands)**
Available-for-sale marketable securities
Unrealized gains (losses), net of tax of $192, Interest income
$21, $297 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $690 $(1,337) $441 (expense)
Defined benefit pension and postretirement plans:
Amortization of prior service benefit, net of tax
of $43, $71, $154 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 148 245 272 (a)

Total reclassifications, net of tax of $235, $92,
$451 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $838 $(1,092) $713 Net income

(a) The amortization of prior service credit is included in the computation of net periodic pension cost and
postretirement benefit; see Note P: “Retirement Plans.”

**L.** **GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS**

**Goodwill**

Teradyne performs its annual goodwill impairment test as required under the provisions of ASC 350-10,
“Intangibles—Goodwill and Other,” on December 31 of each fiscal year unless interim indicators of impairment
exist. Goodwill is considered to be impaired when the net book value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated
fair value.

Teradyne has the option to perform a qualitative assessment (“Step zero”) to determine whether it is more
likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If Teradyne determines this
is the case, Teradyne is required to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test to identify potential goodwill
impairment and measure the amount of goodwill impairment loss to be recognized. If Teradyne determines that it
is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amounts, the two-step
goodwill impairment test is not required. When performing the two-step process, the first step involves a
comparison of the estimated fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. In
performing the first step, Teradyne determines the fair value of a reporting unit using the results derived from an
income approach and a market approach, weighting the fair value determined under each approach to determine
an estimated fair value for a reporting unit. The income approach is estimated through the discounted cash flow
(“DCF”) analysis. Determining fair value requires the exercise of significant judgment, including judgments
about appropriate discount rates, perpetual growth rates, and the amount and timing of expected future cash
flows. Discount rates are based on a weighted average cost of capital (“WACC”), which represents the average
rate a business must pay its providers of debt and equity, plus a risk premium. The WACC used to test goodwill
is derived from a group of comparable companies. The cash flows employed in the DCF analysis are derived
from internal forecasts and external market forecasts. The market approach estimates the fair value of the
reporting unit by utilizing the market comparable method which is based on revenue and earnings multiples from
comparable companies. If the estimated fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill of
the reporting unit is not impaired and the second step of the impairment test is not necessary. If the carrying
amount of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, then the second step of the goodwill impairment test
must be performed. The second step of the goodwill impairment test compares the implied fair value of the
reporting unit’s goodwill with its carrying amount of goodwill to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any.
The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a

79


-----

business combination, whereby the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all of the assets and
liabilities of that unit (including any unrecognized intangible assets) as if the reporting unit had been acquired in
a business combination and the fair value of the reporting unit was the purchase price paid. If the carrying
amount of the reporting unit’s goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss is
recognized in an amount equal to that excess.

In the fourth quarter of 2019, Teradyne performed the annual goodwill impairment test. Teradyne completed
step one of the two-step impairment test for the Universal Robots, MiR and Energid reporting units. Teradyne
completed step zero for the Wireless Test, Defense/Aerospace and AutoGuide reporting units. There was no
impairment as a result of the annual test performed in the fourth quarter of 2019.

Based on Teradyne’s December 31, 2019 goodwill impairment test, the MiR reporting unit’s estimated fair
value exceeded its carrying value by 14%. The MiR goodwill amount is $123.6 million as of December 31, 2019.
Key assumptions in the goodwill valuation model are forecasted revenues, discount rate, earnings before interest
and taxes, and revenue multiples from comparable companies. A change in any of these key assumptions could
result in the reporting unit being impaired in a future period.

In the fourth quarter of 2018, Teradyne performed the annual goodwill impairment test. Teradyne completed
step one of the two-step impairment test for the Universal Robots reporting unit. Teradyne completed step zero
for the Wireless Test and Defense/Aerospace, MiR, and Energid reporting units. There was no impairment as a
result of the annual test performed in the fourth quarter of 2018.

In the fourth quarter of 2017, Teradyne performed the annual goodwill impairment test. Teradyne completed
step one of the two-step impairment test for the Universal Robots reporting unit. Teradyne completed step zero
for the Wireless Test and Defense/Aerospace reporting units. There was no impairment as a result of the annual
test performed in the fourth quarter of 2017.

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by reportable segments for the years ended December 31,
2019 and 2018 are as follows:


**Industrial**
**Automation**


**Wireless**
**Test**


**Semiconductor**
**Test**


**System**
**Test** **Total**


**(in thousands)**
Balance at December 31, 2017:
Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $233,519 $ 361,819 $ 260,540 $ 158,699 $1,014,577
Accumulated impairment losses . . . . . . . . . . . — (353,843) (260,540) (148,183) (762,566)

233,519 7,976 — 10,516 252,011
MiR acquisition . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 135,976 — — — 135,976
Energid acquisition . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14,394 — — — 14,394
Foreign currency translation adjustment . . . . . (20,531) — — — (20,531)

Balance at December 31, 2018:
Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 363,358 361,819 260,540 158,699 1,144,416
Accumulated impairment losses . . . . . . . . . . . — (353,843) (260,540) (148,183) (762,566)

363,358 7,976 — 10,516 381,850
Lemsys acquisition . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — — 1,428 — 1,428
AutoGuide acquisition . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41,372 — — — 41,372
Foreign currency translation adjustment . . . . . (8,247) — 28 — (8,219)

Balance at December 31, 2019:
Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 396,483 361,819 261,996 158,699 1,178,997
Accumulated impairment losses . . . . . . . . . . . — (353,843) (260,540) (148,183) (762,566)

$396,483 $ 7,976 $ 1,456 $ 10,516 $ 416,431

80


-----

**Intangible Assets**

Teradyne reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable or that the useful lives of these assets
are no longer appropriate.

There were no events or circumstances indicating that the carrying value of intangible and long-lived assets
may not be recoverable in 2019, 2018 and 2017.

Amortizable intangible assets consist of the following and are included in intangible assets, net on the
balance sheets:

**December 31, 2019**


**Foreign**
**Currency**
**Translation**
**Adjustment**


**Gross**
**Carrying**
**Amount (1)(2)**


**Net**
**Carrying**
**Amount**


**Accumulated**
**Amortization (2)**


**(in thousands)**
Developed technology . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $361,787 $(279,000) $(5,709) $ 77,078
Customer relationships . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 75,669 (59,077) (455) 16,137
Tradenames and trademarks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 70,120 (36,671) (1,184) 32,265
Backlog . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 260 (260) — —

Total intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $507,836 $(375,008) $(7,348) $125,480

**December 31, 2018**


**Foreign**
**Currency**
**Translation**
**Adjustment**


**Gross**
**Carrying**
**Amount**


**Net**
**Carrying**
**Amount**


**Accumulated**
**Amortization**


**(in thousands)**
Developed technology . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $336,308 $(252,080) $(4,079) $ 80,149
Customer relationships . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 97,153 (83,448) (340) 13,365
Tradenames and trademarks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 64,420 (31,653) (799) 31,968
Non-compete agreement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 320 (320) — —
Backlog . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30 (30) — —

Total intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $498,231 $(367,531) $(5,218) $125,482

(1) Includes intangible assets acquired in 2019, $37.7 million from the AutoGuide acquisition and $4.6 million
from the Lemsys acquisition.
(2) In 2019, $32.7 million of amortizable intangible assets became fully amortized and have been eliminated
from the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization.

Aggregate intangible assets amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017,
was $40.1 million, $39.2 million, and $30.5 million, respectively. Estimated intangible assets amortization
expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years is as follows:

**Year** **Amortization Expense**

**(in thousands)**
2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $30,606
2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20,593
2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19,700
2023 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19,226
2024 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18,921
Thereafter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16,434

81


-----

**M.** **COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES**

**Purchase Commitments**

As of December 31, 2019, Teradyne had entered into non-cancelable purchase commitments for certain
components and materials. The purchase commitments covered by the agreements aggregate to approximately
$415.6 million, of which $412.9 million is for less than one year.

**Legal Claims**

Teradyne is subject to legal proceedings, claims and investigations that arise in the ordinary course of
business such as, but not limited to, patent, employment, commercial and environmental matters. Teradyne
believes that it has meritorious defenses against all pending claims and intends to vigorously contest them. While
it is not possible to predict or determine the outcomes of any pending claims or to provide possible ranges of
losses that may arise, Teradyne believes the potential losses associated with all of these actions are unlikely to
have a material adverse effect on its business, financial position or results of operations.

**Guarantees and Indemnification Obligations**

Teradyne provides indemnification, to the extent permitted by law, to its officers, directors, employees and
agents for liabilities arising from certain events or occurrences while the officer, director, employee, or agent, is
or was serving, at Teradyne’s request in such capacity. Teradyne has entered into indemnification agreements
with certain of its officers and directors. With respect to acquisitions, Teradyne provides indemnifications to or
assumes indemnification obligations for the current and former directors, officers and employees of the acquired
companies in accordance with the acquired companies’ by-laws and charter. As a matter of practice, Teradyne
has maintained directors’ and officers’ liability insurance coverage including coverage for directors and officers
of acquired companies.

Teradyne enters into agreements in the ordinary course of business with customers, resellers, distributors,
integrators and suppliers. Most of these agreements require Teradyne to defend and/or indemnify the other party
against intellectual property infringement claims brought by a third party with respect to Teradyne’s products.
From time to time, Teradyne also indemnifies customers and business partners for damages, losses and liabilities
they may suffer or incur relating to personal injury, personal property damage, product liability, breach of
confidentiality obligations and environmental claims relating to the use of Teradyne’s products and services or
resulting from the acts or omissions of Teradyne, its employees, authorized agents or subcontractors. On
occasion, Teradyne has also provided guarantees to customers regarding the delivery and performance of its
products in addition to the warranty described below.

As a matter of ordinary course of business, Teradyne warrants that its products will substantially perform in
accordance with its standard published specifications in effect at the time of delivery. Most warranties have a
one-year duration commencing from installation. A provision is recorded upon revenue recognition to cost of
revenue for estimated warranty expense based upon historical experience. When Teradyne receives revenue for
extended warranties beyond the standard duration, the revenue is deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis
over the contract period. Related costs are expensed as incurred. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, Teradyne
had a product warranty accrual of $9.0 million and $7.9 million, respectively, included in other accrued
liabilities, and revenue deferrals related to extended warranties of $30.7 million and $27.4 million, respectively,
included in short and long-term deferred revenue and customer advances.

In addition, in the ordinary course of business, Teradyne provides minimum purchase guarantees to certain
vendors to ensure continuity of supply against the market demand. Although some of these guarantees provide
penalties for cancellations and/or modifications to the purchase commitments as the market demand decreases,
most of the guarantees do not. Therefore, as the market demand decreases, Teradyne re-evaluates these
guarantees and determines what charges, if any, should be recorded.

82


-----

With respect to its agreements covering product, business or entity divestitures and acquisitions, Teradyne
provides certain representations, warranties and covenants to purchasers and agrees to indemnify and hold such
purchasers harmless against breaches of such representations, warranties and covenants. Many of the
indemnification claims have a definite expiration date while some remain in force indefinitely. With respect to its
acquisitions, Teradyne may, from time to time, assume the liability for certain events or occurrences that took
place prior to the date of acquisition.

As a matter of ordinary course of business, Teradyne occasionally guarantees certain indebtedness
obligations of its subsidiary companies, limited to the borrowings from financial institutions, purchase
commitments to certain vendors, and lease commitments to landlords.

Based on historical experience and information known as of December 31, 2019, and 2018, except for
product warranty, Teradyne has not recorded any liabilities for these guarantees and obligations because the
amount would be immaterial.

**N.** **NET INCOME PER COMMON SHARE**

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per common share:

**2019** **2018** **2017**

**(in thousands, except per share amounts)**
Net income for basic and diluted net income per share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $467,468 $451,779 $257,692

Weighted average common shares-basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 170,425 187,672 198,069
Effect of dilutive potential common shares:
Incremental shares from assumed conversion of convertible notes (1) . . . . . 4,909 2,749 1,298
Convertible note hedge warrant shares (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2,698 485 112
Restricted stock units . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,236 1,385 1,800
Stock options . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 178 278 335
Employee stock purchase rights . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13 36 27

Dilutive potential common shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9,034 4,933 3,572

Weighted average common shares-diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 179,459 192,605 201,641

Net income per common share-basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 2.74 $ 2.41 $ 1.30

Net income per common share-diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 2.60 $ 2.35 $ 1.28

(1) Incremental shares from the assumed conversion of the convertible notes was calculated using the difference
between the average Teradyne stock price for the period and the conversion price of $31.62, multiplied by
14.5 million shares. The result of this calculation, representing the total intrinsic value of the convertible
debt, was divided by the average Teradyne stock price for the period.
(2) Convertible notes hedge warrant shares were calculated using the difference between the average Teradyne
stock price for the period and the warrant price of $39.68, multiplied by 14.5 million shares. The result of
this calculation, representing the total intrinsic value of the warrant, was divided by the average Teradyne
stock price for the period.

The computation of diluted net income per common share for 2018 excludes the effect of the potential
exercise of stock options to purchase approximately 0.1 million shares and restricted stock units to purchase
approximately 0.5 million shares because the effect would have been anti-dilutive.

The computation of diluted net income per common share for 2017 excludes the effect of the potential
exercise of stock options to purchase approximately 0.1 million shares because the effect would have been antidilutive.

83


-----

**O.** **RESTRUCTURING AND OTHER**

During the year ended December 31, 2019, Teradyne recorded a gain of $22.2 million for the decrease in the
fair value of the MiR contingent consideration liability, partially offset by a $3.0 million increase in the fair value
of the AutoGuide contingent consideration liability, $2.9 million of severance charges related to headcount
reductions primarily in Semiconductor Test and Industrial Automation, and $2.5 million for acquisition related
expenses and compensation.

During the year ended December 31, 2018, Teradyne recorded an expense of $17.7 million for the increase
in the fair value of the MiR contingent consideration liability, $8.7 million of severance charges related to
headcount reductions primarily in Semiconductor Test, and $4.5 million for acquisition related expenses and
compensation, partially offset by a gain of $16.7 million for the decrease in the fair value of the Universal Robots
contingent consideration liability.

During the year ended December 31, 2017, Teradyne recorded an expense of $7.8 million for the increase in
the fair value of the Universal Robots contingent consideration liability, $3.8 million of severance charges related
to headcount reductions primarily in Semiconductor Test, $1.1 million for an impairment of fixed assets in
Semiconductor Test, $1.0 million for a lease impairment of a Wireless Test facility in Sunnyvale, CA, which was
terminated in September 2017, and $0.8 million of expenses related to an earthquake in Kumamoto, Japan,
partially offset by $5.1 million of property insurance recovery related to the Japan earthquake.

**P.** **RETIREMENT PLANS**

ASC 715, “Compensation—Retirement Benefits,” requires an employer with defined benefit plans or other
postretirement benefit plans to recognize an asset or a liability on its balance sheet for the overfunded or
underfunded status of the plans as defined by ASC 715. The pension asset or liability represents a difference
between the fair value of the pension plan’s assets and the projected benefit obligation at December 31. Teradyne
uses a December 31 measurement date for all of its plans.

**Defined Benefit Pension Plans**

Teradyne has defined benefit pension plans covering a portion of domestic employees and employees of
certain non-U.S. subsidiaries. Benefits under these plans are based on employees’ years of service and
compensation. Teradyne’s funding policy is to make contributions to the plans in accordance with local laws and
to the extent that such contributions are tax deductible. The assets of these plans consist primarily of fixed
income and equity securities. In addition, Teradyne has an unfunded supplemental executive defined benefit plan
in the United States to provide retirement benefits in excess of levels allowed by the Employment Retirement
Income Security Act (“ERISA”) and the Internal Revenue Code (the “IRC”), as well as unfunded qualified
foreign plans.

During 2018, Teradyne purchased a group annuity contract for its retiree participants in the U.S. qualified
pension plan. Under the group annuity, the accrued pension obligations for approximately 1,700 retiree
participants were transferred to an insurance company. The reduction in the pension benefit obligation and
pension assets was $151.3 million. During 2018, Teradyne recorded a settlement loss of $0.3 million related to
the retiree group annuity transaction.

84


-----

The December 31 balances of these defined benefit pension plans assets and obligations are shown below:

**2019** **2018**

**United States** **Foreign** **United States** **Foreign**

**(in thousands)**
**_Assets and Obligations_**
**Change in benefit obligation:**
Projected benefit obligation:
Beginning of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $178,237 $ 39,146 $ 363,026 $ 39,353
Service cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,608 751 2,196 786
Interest cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7,189 691 8,940 687
Actuarial loss (gain) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24,447 4,520 (30,136) 773
Benefits paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (7,690) (836) (14,793) (741)
Retiree annuity purchase . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — — (151,341) —
Liability loss due to settlement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — — 345 —
Non-U.S. currency movement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — (320) — (1,712)

End of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 203,791 43,952 178,237 39,146

**Change in plan assets:**
Fair value of plan assets:
Beginning of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 144,301 1,400 324,506 1,307
Company contributions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2,805 923 2,587 822
Actual return on plan assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27,516 64 (16,658) 50
Benefits paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (7,690) (836) (14,793) (741)
Retiree annuity purchase . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — — (151,341) —
Non-U.S. currency movement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 35 — (38)

End of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 166,932 1,586 144,301 1,400

Funded status . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ (36,859) $(42,366) $ (33,936) $(37,746)

The following table provides amounts recorded within the account line items of the statements of financial
position as of December 31:

**2019** **2018**

**United States** **Foreign** **United States** **Foreign**

**(in thousands)**
Retirement plans assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 18,457 $ — $ 16,883 $ —
Accrued employees’ compensation and withholdings . . . . . . . . (2,826) (922) (2,676) (852)
Retirement plans liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (52,490) (41,444) (48,143) (36,894)

Funded status . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $(36,859) $(42,366) $(33,936) $(37,746)

The following table provides amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income as of
December 31:

**2019** **2018**

**United States** **Foreign** **United States** **Foreign**

**(in thousands)**
Deferred taxes related to prior service cost recognized in other
comprehensive income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $560 $— $560 $—

The accumulated benefit obligation for the United States defined benefit pension plans was $198.2 million
and $172.8 million at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The accumulated benefit obligation for foreign
defined benefit pension plans was $39.9 million and $35.6 million at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.

85


-----

Information for pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets as of
December 31:

**2019** **2018**

**United States** **Foreign** **United States** **Foreign**

**(in millions)**
Projected benefit obligation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $55.3 $44.0 $50.8 $39.1
Accumulated benefit obligation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 53.2 39.9 48.6 35.6
Fair value of plan assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 1.6 — 1.4

**_Expense_**

For the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017, Teradyne’s net periodic pension cost (income) was
comprised of the following:

**2019** **2018** **2017**


**United**
**States** **Foreign**


**United**
**States** **Foreign**


**United**
**States** **Foreign**


**(in thousands)**
**Components of Net Periodic Pension Cost (Income):**
Service cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 1,608 $ 751 $ 2,196 $ 786 $ 2,239 $ 818
Interest cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7,189 691 8,940 687 13,151 852
Expected return on plan assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (6,042) (29) (9,049) (19) (12,008) (165)
Amortization of prior service cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — — 58 — 70 —
Net actuarial loss (gain) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2,973 4,485 (4,429) 743 (6,712) (310)
Settlement loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — — 345 — — —

Total net periodic pension cost (income) . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 5,728 $5,898 $(1,939) $2,197 $ (3,260) $1,195

**Changes in Plan Assets and Benefit Obligations**
**Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income:**
Reversal of amortization items:
Prior service cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — — (58) — (70) —

Total recognized in other comprehensive income . . . . . . — — (58) — (70) —

Total recognized in net periodic pension cost
(income) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
and other comprehensive income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 5,728 $5,898 $(1,997) $2,197 $ (3,330) $1,195

**_Weighted Average Assumptions to Determine Net Periodic Pension Cost at January 1:_**

**2019** **2018** **2017**

**United States** **Foreign** **United States** **Foreign** **United States** **Foreign**

Discount rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4.1% 1.8% 3.4% 1.8% 3.9% 1.8%
Expected return on plan assets . . . . . . . . . . . 4.3 2.0 4.3 1.5 4.0 2.0
Salary progression rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2.5 2.5 2.3 2.7 2.6 2.7

**_Weighted Average Assumptions to Determine Pension Obligations at December 31:_**

**2019** **2018**

**United States** **Foreign** **United States** **Foreign**

Discount rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3.0% 1.1% 4.1% 1.8%
Salary progression rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2.6 2.5 2.5 2.6

86


-----

In developing the expected return on plan assets assumption, Teradyne evaluates input from its investment
manager and pension consultants, including their forecast of asset class return expectations. Teradyne believes
that 4.25% was an appropriate rate to use for fiscal 2019 for the U.S. Qualified Pension Plan (“U.S. Plan”).

Teradyne recognizes net actuarial gains and losses and the change in the fair value of the plan assets in its
operating results in the year in which they occur or upon any interim remeasurement of the plans. Teradyne
calculates the expected return on plan assets using the fair value of the plan assets. Actuarial gains and losses are
generally measured annually as of December 31 and, accordingly, recorded during the fourth quarter of each year
or upon any interim remeasurement of the plans.

The discount rate utilized to determine future pension obligations for the U.S. Plan is based on FTSE
Pension Index adjusted for the plan’s expected cash flows and was 3.10% at December 31, 2019, down from
4.15% at December 31, 2018.

**_Plan Assets_**

As of December 31, 2019, the fair value of Teradyne’s pension plans’ assets totaled $168.5 million of which
$166.9 million was related to the U.S. Plan and $1.6 million was related to the Taiwan defined benefit pension
plan. Substantially all of Teradyne’s pension plans’ assets are held in individual trusts, which were established
for the investment of assets of Teradyne’s sponsored retirement plans.

The following table provides weighted average pension asset allocation by asset category at December 31,
2019 and 2018:

**2019** **2018**

**United States** **Foreign** **United States** **Foreign**

Fixed income securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 94.0% — % 94.0% — %
Equity securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5.0 — 5.0 —
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1.0 100.0 1.0 100.0

100.0% 100.0% 100.0% 100.0%

The assets of the U.S. Plan are overseen by the Teradyne Fiduciary Committee which is comprised of
members of senior management drawn from appropriate diversified levels of the management team. The
Fiduciary Committee is responsible for setting the policy that provides the framework for management of the
U.S. Plan assets. In accordance with its responsibilities, the Fiduciary Committee meets on a regular basis to
review the performance of the U.S. Plan assets and compliance with the investment policy. The policy sets forth
an investment structure for managing U.S. Plan assets, including setting the asset allocation ranges, which are
expected to provide an appropriate level of overall diversification required to maximize the long-term return on
plan assets for a prudent and reasonable level of risk given prevailing market conditions, total investment return
over the long term, and preservation of capital, while maintaining sufficient liquidity to pay the benefits of the
U.S. Plan. The investment portfolio will not, at any time, have a direct investment in Teradyne stock. It may have
indirect investment in Teradyne stock, if one of the funds selected by the investment manager invests in
Teradyne stock. In developing the asset allocation ranges, third party asset allocation studies are periodically
performed that consider the current and expected positions of the plan assets and funded status. Based on this
study and other appropriate information, the Fiduciary Committee establishes asset allocation ranges taking into
account acceptable risk targets and associated returns. The investment return objectives are to avoid excessive
volatility and produce a rate of return that at least matches the Policy Index identified below. The manager’s
investment performance is reviewed at least annually. Results for the total portfolio and for each major category
of assets are evaluated in comparison with appropriate market indices and the Policy Index.

87


-----

The target asset allocation and the index for each asset category for the U.S. Plan, per the investment policy,
are as follows:


**Target**
**Allocation**


**Asset Category:** **Policy Index:**


U.S. corporate fixed income Barclays U.S. Corporate A or Better Index 75%
Global equity MSCI World Minimum Volatility Index 5
U.S. government fixed income Barclays U.S. Long Government Bond Index 14
High yield fixed income Barclays U.S. High Yield Index 5
Cash Citigroup Three Month U.S. Treasury Bill Index 1

Teradyne’s U.S. Plan invests primarily in common trust funds. Units held in the common trust funds are
valued at the unit price as reported by the investment manager based on the asset value of the underlying
investments; underlying investments in equity securities are valued at the last reported sales price, and underlying
investments in fixed-income securities are generally valued using methods based upon market transactions for
comparable securities.

In 2017, the U.K. defined benefit pension was terminated and the obligations and assets of the plan were
transferred to an insurance company.

During the year ended December 31, 2019, there were no transfers of pension assets in or out of Level 1,
Level 2, and Level 3. During the year ended December 31, 2018, $2.7 million of pension assets were transferred
out of Level 3 to Level 2.

The fair value of pension plan assets by asset category and by level at December 31, 2019 and December 31,
2018 were as follows:

**December 31, 2019**

**United States** **Foreign**

**Level 1** **Level 2** **Level 3** **Total** **Level 1 Level 2** **Level 3** **Total**

**(in thousands)**
Fixed income securities:
Corporate debt securities . . . . . . . . . . . . $ — $133,792 $— $133,792 $— $ — $— $ —
U.S. government securities . . . . . . . . . . . — 23,186 — 23,186 — — — —
Global equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 8,344 — 8,344 — — — —
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — — — — — 1,586 — 1,586
Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,610 — — 1,610 — — — —

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $1,610 $165,322 $— $166,932 $— $1,586 $— $1,586

**December 31, 2018**

**United States** **Foreign**

**Level 1** **Level 2** **Level 3** **Total** **Level 1 Level 2** **Level 3** **Total**

**(in thousands)**
Fixed income securities:
Corporate debt securities . . . . . . . . . . . . $ — $115,424 $— $115,424 $— $ — $— $ —
U.S. government securities . . . . . . . . . . . — 20,176 — 20,176 — — — —
Global equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 7,252 — 7,252 — — — —
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — — — — — 1,400 — 1,400
Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,449 — — 1,449 — — — —

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $1,449 $142,852 $— $144,301 $— $1,400 $— $1,400

88


-----

Changes in the fair value of Level 3 group annuity insurance contracts for the year ended December 31,
2018 were as follows:

**Group Annuity Insurance Contracts**

**(in thousands)**
Balance at December 31, 2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 3,166
Transfer out of level 3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (2,658)
Purchases of retiree annuity insurance contracts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (512)
Interest and market value adjustments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 59
Benefits paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (40)
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (15)

Balance at December 31, 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ —

**_Contributions_**

Teradyne’s funding policy is to make contributions to the plans in accordance with local laws and to the
extent that such contributions are tax deductible. During 2019, Teradyne contributed $2.8 million to the U.S.
supplemental executive defined benefit pension plan and $0.9 million to certain qualified plans for non-U.S.
subsidiaries. During 2018, Teradyne contributed $2.6 million to the U.S supplemental executive defined benefit
pension plan and $0.8 million to certain qualified plans for non-U.S. subsidiaries. In 2020, contributions to the
U.S. supplemental executive defined benefit pension plan and certain qualified plans from non-U.S. subsidiaries
will be approximately $2.8 million and $1.0 million, respectively.

**_Expected Future Pension Benefit Payments_**

Future benefit payments are expected to be paid as follows:

**United States** **Foreign**

**(in thousands)**
2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 8,027 $1,237
2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8,416 985
2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9,163 982
2023 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9,785 1,258
2024 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10,558 1,098
2025-2029 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 59,665 6,129

**Postretirement Benefit Plans**

In addition to receiving pension benefits, U.S. Teradyne employees who meet early retirement eligibility
requirements as of their termination dates may participate in Teradyne’s Welfare Plan, which includes medical
and dental benefits up to age 65. Death benefits provide a fixed sum to retirees’ survivors and are available to all
retirees. Substantially all of Teradyne’s current U.S. employees could become eligible for these benefits, and the
existing benefit obligation relates primarily to those employees.

89


-----

The December 31 balances of the postretirement assets and obligations are shown below:

**2019** **2018**

**(in thousands)**
**_Assets and Obligations_**
**Change in benefit obligation:**
Projected benefit obligation:
Beginning of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 9,256 $ 6,177
Service cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41 39
Interest cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 347 196
Actuarial loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 717 25
Benefits paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (1,358) (889)
Special termination benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 3,708

End of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9,003 9,256

**Change in plan assets:**
Fair value of plan assets:
Beginning of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — —
Company contributions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,358 889
Benefits paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (1,358) (889)

End of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — —

Funded status . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $(9,003) $(9,256)

The following table provides amounts recorded within the account line items of financial position as of
December 31:

**2019** **2018**

**(in thousands)**
Accrued employees’ compensation and withholdings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $(1,231) $(1,310)
Retirement plans liability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (7,772) (7,946)

Funded status . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $(9,003) $(9,256)

The following table provides amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income as of
December 31:

**2019** **2018**

**(in thousands)**
Prior service credit, before tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ (58) $ (249)
Deferred taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (1,684) (1,641)

Total recognized in other comprehensive income, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $(1,742) $(1,890)

90


-----

**_Expense_**

For the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017, Teradyne’s net periodic postretirement benefit
cost (income) was comprised of the following:

**2019** **2018** **2017**

**(in thousands)**
**Components of Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit**
**Cost (income):**
Service cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 41 $ 39 $ 34
Interest cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 347 196 201
Amortization of prior service credit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (191) (373) (496)
Net actuarial loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 717 25 398
Special termination benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 3,708 591

Total net periodic postretirement benefit cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 914 3,595 728

**Changes in Plan Assets and Benefit Obligations Recognized in Other**
**Comprehensive Income:**
Prior service cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — — —
Reversal of amortization items:
Prior service credit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 191 373 496

Total recognized in other comprehensive income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 191 373 496

Total recognized in net periodic postretirement cost and other comprehensive
income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $1,105 $3,968 $1,224

**_Weighted Average Assumptions to Determine Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Income as of January 1:_**

**2019** **2018** **2017**

Discount rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4.0% 3.4% 3.9%
Initial health care cost trend rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7.5 7.9 7.3
Ultimate health care cost trend rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4.5 4.5 5.0
Year in which ultimate health care cost trend rate is reached . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2026 2026 2023

**_Weighted Average Assumptions to Determine Postretirement Benefit Obligation as of December 31:_**

**2019** **2018** **2017**

Discount rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3.0% 4.0% 3.4%
Initial medical trend . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7.1 7.5 7.9
Ultimate health care trend . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4.5 4.5 4.5
Medical cost trend rate decrease to ultimate rate in year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2026 2026 2026

Assumed health care trend rates could have a significant effect on the amounts reported for health care
plans. A one percentage point change in the assumed health care cost trend rates for the year ended December 31,
2019 would have the following effects:


**1 Percentage**
**Point**
**Increase**


**1 Percentage**
**Point**
**Decrease**


**(in thousands)**
Effect on total service and interest cost components . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 6 $ (6)
Effect on postretirement benefit obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 139 (133)

91


-----

**_Expected Future Benefit Payments_**

Future benefit payments are expected to be paid as follows:

**Benefit Payments**

**(in thousands)**
2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $1,231
2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,171
2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 958
2023 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 789
2024 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 662
2025-2029 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,965

**Q.** **STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION**

**Stock Compensation Plans**

On July 17, 2019 (the “Retirement Date”), former Chief Financial Officer Gregory Beecher retired as Vice
President and Senior Advisor of Teradyne, and Teradyne entered into an agreement (the “Retirement
Agreement”) with Mr. Beecher. Under the Retirement Agreement, Mr. Beecher’s unvested time-based restricted
stock units and stock options granted prior to 2019 were modified to allow continued vesting; unvested timebased restricted stock units and stock options granted in 2019 were modified to allow continued vesting through
January 31, 2023 (the “Non-Competition Period”) in a pro-rated amount based on the number of days that
Mr. Beecher was employed during 2019; unvested, performance-based restricted stock units awarded in 2019
will vest on the date the amount of shares underlying the performance-based restricted stock units are determined
in a pro-rated amount of shares based on the number of days that Mr. Beecher was employed during 2019; vested
options or options that vest during the Non-Competition Period may be exercised for the remainder of the
applicable option term. During 2019, Teradyne recorded a stock based compensation expense of $2.1 million
related to the Retirement Agreement.

Under Teradyne’s stock compensation plans, Teradyne grants time-based restricted stock units,
performance-based restricted stock units, stock options and employees are eligible to purchase Teradyne’s
common stock through its Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”).

Time-based restricted stock unit awards granted to employees vest in equal annual installments over four
years. Restricted stock unit awards granted to non-employee directors vest after a one-year period, with 100% of
the award vesting on the earlier of (a) the first anniversary of the grant date or (b) the date of the following year’s
Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Teradyne expenses the cost of the restricted stock unit awards subject to timebased vesting, which is determined to be the fair market value of the shares at the date of grant, ratably over the
period during which the restrictions lapse.

Performance-based restricted stock units (“PRSUs”) granted to Teradyne’s executive officers may have a
performance metric based on relative total shareholder return (“TSR”). Teradyne’s three-year TSR performance
is measured against the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) Composite Index. The final number of TSR
PRSUs that vest will vary based upon the level of performance achieved from 200% to 0% of the target shares
capped at four times the grant date value for grants prior to 2019. The TSR PRSUs will vest upon the three-year
anniversary of the grant date. The TSR PRSUs are valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The number of
units expected to be earned, based upon the achievement of the TSR market condition, is factored into the grant
date Monte Carlo valuation. Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the
three-year service period or the period from the grant to the date described in the retirement provisions below.
Compensation expense for employees meeting the retirement provisions prior to the grant date will be recognized
in full on the date of the grant. Compensation expense is recognized regardless of the eventual number of units
that are earned based upon the market condition, provided the executive officer remains an employee at the end

92


-----

of the three-year period. Compensation expense is reversed if at any time during the three-year service period the
executive officer is no longer an employee, subject to the retirement and termination eligibility provisions noted
below.

PRSUs granted to Teradyne’s executive officers may also have a performance metric based on three-year
cumulative non-GAAP profit before interest and tax (“PBIT”) as a percent of Teradyne’s revenue. Non-GAAP
PBIT is a financial measure equal to GAAP income from operations less restructuring and other, net;
amortization of acquired intangible assets; acquisition and divestiture related charges or credits; pension actuarial
gains and losses; non-cash convertible debt interest expense; and other non-recurring gains and charges. The final
number of PBIT PRSUs that vest will vary based upon the level of performance achieved from 200% to 0% of
the target shares. The PBIT PRSUs will vest upon the three-year anniversary of the grant date. Compensation
expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the three-year service period or the period from
the grant date to the date described in the retirement provisions below. Compensation expense for employees
meeting the retirement provisions prior to the grant date will be recognized in full on the date of grant.
Compensation expense is recognized based on the number of units that are earned based upon the three-year
Teradyne PBIT as a percent of Teradyne’s revenue, provided the executive officer remains an employee at the
end of the three-year period subject to the retirement and termination eligibility provisions noted below.

If a PRSU recipient’s employment ends prior to the determination of the performance percentage due to
(1) permanent disability or death or (2) retirement or termination other than for cause, after attaining both at least
age sixty and at least ten years of service, then all or a portion of the recipient’s PRSUs (based on the actual
performance percentage achieved on the determination date) will vest on the date the performance percentage is
determined. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, no PRSUs will vest if the executive officer is no longer
an employee at the end of the three-year period.

Stock options to purchase Teradyne’s common stock at 100% of the fair market value on the grant date vest
in equal annual installments over four years from the grant date and have a maximum term of seven years.

During 2019, 2018 and 2017, Teradyne granted 0.8 million, 0.6 million and 0.8 million of service-based
restricted stock unit awards to employees at a weighted average grant date fair value of $37.65, $45.92 and
$28.19, respectively.

During 2019, 2018 and 2017, Teradyne granted 0.1 million of service-based restricted stock unit awards to
non-employee directors at a weighted average grant date fair value of $48.03, $35.81 and $34.48, respectively.

During 2019, 2018 and 2017, Teradyne granted 0.1 million TSR PRSUs, with a grant date fair value of
$51.51, $54.85 and $35.66 respectively. The fair value was estimated using the Monte Carlo simulation model
with the following assumptions:

**2019** **2018** **2017**

Risk-free interest rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2.6% 2.2% 1.5%
Teradyne volatility-historical . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31.9% 26.8% 26.6%
NYSE Composite Index volatility-historical . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11.9% 12.4% 13.4%
Dividend yield . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1.0% 0.8% 1.0%

Expected volatility was based on the historical volatility of Teradyne’s stock and the NYSE Composite
Index for each of the 2019, 2018 and 2017 grants over the most recent three-year period. The risk-free interest
rate was determined using the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of each of the grants. Dividend yield
was based upon an estimated annual dividend amount of $0.36 per share for 2019 and 2018 and $0.28 per share
for 2017, divided by Teradyne’s stock price on the grant date of $37.95 for the 2019 grants, $47.70 for the 2018
grants and $28.56 for 2017 grants.

93


-----

During 2019, 2018 and 2017, Teradyne granted 0.1 million of PBIT PRSUs with a grant date fair value of
$36.88, $46.62 and $27.72, respectively.

During 2019, 2018 and 2017, Teradyne granted 0.1 million of service-based stock options to executive
officers at a weighted average grant date fair value of $10.64, $12.17 and $7.13, respectively.

The fair value of stock options was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the
following assumptions:

**2019** **2018** **2017**

Expected life (years) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5.0 5.0 5.0
Risk-free interest rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2.5% 2.4% 2.0%
Volatility-historical . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30.1% 26.4% 27.8%
Dividend yield . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1.00% 0.80% 1.00%

Teradyne determined the stock options’ expected life based upon historical exercise data for executive
officers, the age of the executive officers and the terms of the stock option grant. Volatility was determined using
historical volatility for a period equal to the expected life. The risk-free interest rate was determined using the
U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. Dividend yield was based upon an estimated annual
dividend amount of $0.36 per share divided by Teradyne’s stock price on the grant date of $37.95 for the 2019
grants, $47.70 for the 2018 grants and $28.56 for the 2017 grants.

Stock compensation plan activity for the years 2019, 2018, and 2017, is as follows:

**2019** **2018** **2017**

**(in thousands)**
Restricted Stock Units:
Non-vested at January 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2,454 3,174 3,778
Awarded . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,139 790 939
Vested . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (1,237) (1,382) (1,434)
Forfeited . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (87) (128) (109)

Non-vested at December 31 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2,269 2,454 3,174

Stock Options:
Outstanding at January 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 506 531 926
Granted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 102 69 111
Exercised . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (280) (94) (501)
Forfeited . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (7) — —
Expired . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (2) — (5)

Outstanding at December 31 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 319 506 531

Vested and expected to vest at December 31 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 319 506 531

Exercisable at December 31 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 85 256 233

94


-----

Total shares available for the years 2019, 2018, and 2017:

**2019** **2018** **2017**

**(in thousands)**
Shares available:
Available for grant at January 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7,874 8,605 9,546
Options granted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (102) (69) (111)
Options forfeited . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7 — —
Restricted stock units awarded . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (1,139) (790) (939)
Restricted stock units forfeited . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 87 128 109

Available for grant at December 31 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6,727 7,874 8,605

Weighted average restricted stock unit award date fair value information for the years 2019, 2018, and 2017,
is as follows:

**2019** **2018** **2017**

Non-vested at January 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $29.22 $21.71 $18.27
Awarded . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39.08 45.99 28.91
Vested . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23.59 20.20 17.90
Forfeited . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35.60 24.67 20.35
Non-vested at December 31 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $35.58 $29.22 $21.71

Restricted stock unit awards aggregate intrinsic value information at December 31 for the years 2019, 2018,
and 2017 is as follows:

**2019** **2018** **2017**

**(in thousands)**
Vested . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 46,110 $63,688 $ 40,649
Outstanding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 154,752 77,015 132,875
Expected to vest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 152,374 77,187 130,594

Restricted stock units weighted average remaining contractual terms (in years) information at December 31
for the years 2019, 2018, and 2017 is as follows:

**2019** **2018** **2017**

Outstanding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1.02 0.92 1.00
Expected to vest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1.02 0.91 0.99

Weighted average stock options exercise price information for the year ended December 31, 2019 is as
follows:

**2019**

Outstanding at January 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $19.06
Options granted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37.95
Options exercised . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13.20
Options forfeited . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36.75
Options cancelled . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1.48
Outstanding at December 31 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29.91
Exercisable at December 31 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14.97

The total cash received from employees as a result of employee stock options exercises during the years
ended December 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017, was $3.7 million, $1.0 million and $6.8 million, respectively. In
connection with these exercises, the tax benefit realized by Teradyne for the years ended December 31, 2019,
2018, and 2017, was $2.0 million, $0.4 million, and $2.5 million, respectively.

95


-----

Stock option aggregate intrinsic value information for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017
is as follows:

**2019** **2018** **2017**

**(in thousands)**
Exercised . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 9,232 $2,960 $ 8,035
Outstanding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12,218 7,359 14,831
Vested and expected to vest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7,701 7,359 14,831
Exercisable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4,517 5,905 9,076

Stock options weighted average remaining contractual terms (in years) information at December 31, for the
years 2019, 2018, and 2017 is as follows:

**2019** **2018** **2017**

Outstanding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4.2 3.6 4.1
Vested and expected to vest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5.0 3.6 4.1
Exercisable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2.1 2.4 2.8

As of December 31, 2019, total unrecognized expense related to non-vested restricted stock unit awards and
stock options was $45 million, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.8 years.

**Employee Stock Purchase Plan**

Under the ESPP, eligible employees may purchase shares of common stock through regular payroll
deductions of up to 10% of their compensation, to a maximum of shares with a fair market value of $25,000 per
calendar year, not to exceed 6,000 shares. Under the plan, the price paid for the common stock is equal to 85% of
the stock price on the last business day of the six-month purchase period.

In July 2019, 0.3 million shares of common stock were issued to employees who participated in the plan
during the first half of 2019 at the price of $40.72 per share. In January 2020, Teradyne issued 0.2 million shares
of common stock to employees who participated in the plan during the second half of 2019 at the price of $57.96
per share.

In July 2018, 0.3 million shares of common stock were issued to employees who participated in the plan
during the first half of 2018 at the price of $32.36 per share. In January 2019, Teradyne issued 0.4 million shares
of common stock to employees who participated in the plan during the second half of 2018 at the price of $26.67
per share.

In July 2017, 0.3 million shares of common stock were issued to employees who participated in the plan
during the first half of 2017 at the price of $25.53 per share. In January 2018, Teradyne issued 0.3 million shares
of common stock to employees who participated in the plan during the second half of 2017 at the price of $35.59
per share.

As of December 31, 2019, there were 1.8 million shares available for grant under the ESPP.

96


-----

The following table provides the effect to income from operations for recording stock-based compensation
for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017:

**2019** **2018** **2017**

**(in thousands)**
Cost of revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 3,480 $ 3,129 $ 3,212
Engineering and development . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9,913 9,181 9,370
Selling and administrative . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24,504 21,267 21,515

Stock-based compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37,897 33,577 34,097
Income tax benefit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (8,360) (12,036) (10,462)

Total stock-based compensation expense after income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $29,537 $ 21,541 $ 23,635

**R.** **SAVINGS PLAN**

Teradyne sponsors a defined contribution employee retirement savings plan (“Savings Plan”) covering
substantially all U.S. employees. Under the Savings Plan, employees may contribute up to 20% of their
compensation (subject to Internal Revenue Service limitations). The Savings Plan provides for a discretionary
employer match that is determined each year. In 2019, 2018 and 2017, Teradyne matched 100% of eligible
employee contributions up to 4% of their compensation for employees not accruing benefits in the U.S. Qualified
Pension Plan. There was no match for employees still actively accruing benefits in the U.S. Qualified Pension
Plan. Teradyne’s contributions vest 25% per year for the first four years of employment, and contributions for
those employees with four years of service vest immediately.

In addition, Teradyne sponsors an unfunded U.S. Supplemental Savings Plan to provide savings benefits in
excess of those allowed by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue
Code. The provisions of this plan are the same as the Savings Plan. The liability for the U.S. Supplemental
Savings Plan at December 31, 2019 and 2018, was $32.7 million and $24.4 million, respectively, and is included
in retirement plan liabilities. Teradyne contributes to defined contributions savings plans for its foreign
employees. Under Teradyne’s savings plans, amounts charged to the statements of operations for the years ended
December 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017 were $20.9 million, $19.4 million, and $16.8 million, respectively.

97


-----

**S.** **INCOME TAXES**

The components of income (loss) before income taxes and the provision (benefit) for income taxes as shown
in the consolidated statements of operations were as follows:

**2019** **2018** **2017**

**(in thousands)**
Income before income taxes
U.S. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $192,442 $189,691 $ 76,699
Non-U.S. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 333,330 278,110 447,713

$525,772 $467,801 $524,412

Provision (benefit) for income taxes
Current:
U.S. Federal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 19,297 $ (59,122) $162,679
Non-U.S. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 52,810 45,083 64,313
State . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (4,347) 1,721 2,623

67,760 (12,318) 229,615

Deferred:
U.S. Federal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (4,522) 29,252 43,687
Non-U.S. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (8,007) (1,243) (6,476)
State . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3,073 331 (106)

(9,456) 28,340 37,105

Total provision for income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 58,304 $ 16,022 $266,720

Income tax expense for 2019, 2018 and 2017 totaled $58.3 million, $16.0 million and $266.7 million,
respectively. The effective tax rate for 2019, 2018 and 2017 was 11.1%, 3.4% and 50.9%, respectively.

On December 22, 2017, the U.S. enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the “Tax Reform Act”),
making significant changes to the Internal Revenue Code. The Tax Reform Act has significant direct and indirect
implications for accounting for income taxes under ASC 740, “Accounting for Income Taxes” some of which
could not be calculated with precision until further clarification and guidance was made available from tax
authorities, regulatory bodies or the FASB. In light of this uncertainty, on December 22, 2017 the SEC issued
Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) No. 118, “Income Tax Accounting Implications of the Tax Cuts and Jobs
Act,” to address uncertainty in the application of U.S. GAAP when the registrant does not have the necessary
information available, prepared, or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail to complete the
accounting for certain income tax effects of the Tax Reform Act. In accordance with SAB 118, Teradyne
recorded $186.0 million of additional income tax expense in the fourth quarter of 2017 which represented
Teradyne’s best estimate of the impact of the Tax Reform Act in accordance with Teradyne’s understanding of
the Tax Reform Act and available guidance as of that date. The $186.0 million was primarily composed of
expense of $161.0 million related to the one-time transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign
earnings, $33.6 million of expense related to the remeasurement of certain deferred tax assets and liabilities
based on the rates at which they are expected to reverse in the future, and a benefit of $10.3 million associated
with the impact of correlative adjustments on uncertain tax positions. In accordance with the requirements of
SAB 118, in the fourth quarter of 2018, Teradyne completed its analysis of the effect of the Tax Reform Act
based on the application of the most recently available guidance as of December 31, 2018 and recorded
$49.5 million of net income tax benefit. The net benefit consisted of $51.7 million of benefit resulting from a
reduction in the estimate of the one-time transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings
and an expense of $2.2 million associated with the impact of correlative adjustments on uncertain tax positions.

Teradyne has made an accounting policy election to account for GILTI as a component of tax expense in the
period in which Teradyne is subject to the rules and therefore did not provide any deferred tax impacts of GILTI
in its consolidated financial statements.

98


-----

The increase in the effective tax rate from 2018 to 2019 is primarily attributable to increases in expense
associated with GILTI and the transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings. These
increases in expense were partially offset by increased benefit from the U.S. foreign derived intangible income
deduction, foreign tax credits and a net reduction of reserves for uncertain tax positions.

On July 27, 2015, in Altera Corp. (“Altera”) v. Commissioner, the U.S. Tax Court issued an opinion
invalidating the regulations relating to the treatment of stock-based compensation expense in an intercompany
cost-sharing arrangement. A final decision was issued by the Tax Court in December 2015. The IRS appealed the
decision in June 2016. On July 24, 2018, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit (“Ninth Circuit”) issued
a decision that was subsequently withdrawn and a reconstituted panel conferred on the appeal. On June 7, 2019,
the Ninth Circuit upheld the cost-sharing regulations. On November 12, 2019 the Ninth Circuit denied Altera’s
petition for rehearing of its case. As a result, during the fourth quarter of 2019, Teradyne recognized a tax
expense of approximately $6.3 million related to the inclusion of stock-based compensation in its intercompany
cost-sharing arrangement.

The decrease in the effective tax rate from 2017 to 2018 was primarily attributable to the $186.0 million of
income tax expense recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017 for the impact of the Tax Reform Act and the
$51.7 million of income tax benefit recorded in the fourth quarter of 2018 resulting from a reduction in the
estimate of the one-time transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings and an expense
of $2.2 million associated with the impact of correlative adjustments on uncertain tax positions. The change in
the effective tax rate from 2017 to 2018 was also impacted by a shift in the geographic distribution of income
which increased income subject to taxation in the U.S. relative to lower tax rate jurisdictions, the benefit of the
U.S. foreign derived intangible income deduction and increases in discrete benefit from non-taxable foreign
exchange gains and losses.

A reconciliation of the effective tax rate for the years 2019, 2018 and 2017 is as follows:

**2019** **2018** **2017**

U.S. statutory federal tax rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21.0% 21.0% 35.0%
U.S. global intangible low-taxed income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6.2 0.3 —
U.S. transition tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1.9 (10.5) 28.7
State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 0.5 0.1 (0.4)
Foreign tax credits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (5.9) (2.2) (2.2)
Uncertain tax positions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (4.3) 1.0 1.7
Foreign taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (4.0) (2.0) (16.3)
U.S. foreign derived intangible income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (2.6) (1.8) —
U.S. research and development credit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (1.8) (2.2) (1.6)
Equity compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (0.7) (1.2) (0.8)
Impact of rate change on deferred taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 0.3 6.9
Domestic production activities deduction . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — — (0.3)
Other, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 0.8 0.6 0.2

11.1% 3.4% 50.9%

Teradyne qualifies for a tax holiday in Singapore by fulfilling the requirements of an agreement with the
Singapore Economic Development Board under which certain headcount and spending requirements must be
met. The tax savings attributable to the Singapore tax holiday for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and
2017 were $15.1 million or $0.08 per diluted share, $11.9 million or $0.06 per diluted share and $24.8 million or
$0.12 per diluted share, respectively. The tax holiday is scheduled to expire on December 31, 2020.

99


-----

Significant components of Teradyne’s deferred tax assets (liabilities) as of December 31, 2019 and 2018
were as follows:

**2019** **2018**

**(in thousands)**
Deferred tax assets
Tax credits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 79,480 $ 69,091
Accruals . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25,424 23,449
Pension liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24,459 20,826
Inventory valuations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18,572 18,514
Deferred revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7,622 9,130
Equity compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7,042 7,190
Vacation accrual . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4,768 4,772
Investment impairment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3,292 —
Net operating loss carryforwards . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2,705 3,658
Marketable securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — 962
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,472 685

Gross deferred tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 174,836 158,277
Less: valuation allowance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (77,177) (69,852)

Total deferred tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 97,659 $ 88,425

Deferred tax liabilities:
Depreciation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ (18,238) $ (14,028)
Intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (16,705) (24,211)
Marketable securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (1,601) —

Total deferred tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ (36,544) $ (38,239)

Net deferred assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 61,115 $ 50,186

As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, Teradyne evaluated the likelihood that it would realize deferred income
taxes to offset future taxable income and concluded that it is more likely than not that a substantial majority of its
deferred tax assets will be realized through consideration of both the positive and negative evidence. At
December 31, 2019 and 2018, Teradyne maintained a valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets of
$77.2 million and $69.9 million, respectively, primarily related to state net operating losses and state tax credit
carryforwards, due to the uncertainty regarding their realization. Adjustments could be required in the future if
Teradyne estimates that the amount of deferred tax assets to be realized is more or less than the net amount
recorded.

At December 31, 2019, Teradyne had operating loss carryforwards that expire in the following years:


**State**
**Operating Loss**
**Carryforwards**


**Federal**
**Operating Loss**
**Carryforwards**


**Foreign**
**Operating Loss**
**Carryforwards**


**(in thousands)**
2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 269 $ — $ —
2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2,141 — —
2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4,934 — —
2023 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4,342 — —
2024 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,498 — —
2025-2029 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7,673 — —
2030-2034 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4,329 — 15
Beyond 2034 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2,185 554 74
Non-expiring . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,357 — 4,207

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $28,728 $ 554 $4,296

100


-----

Teradyne has approximately $108.4 million of tax credit carryforwards including federal business tax
credits of approximately $2.1 million which expire in 2028 and 2029, and state tax credits of $106.3 million, of
which $59.7 million do not expire and the remainder expires in the years 2020 through 2039.

Teradyne’s gross unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 were as
follows:

**2019** **2018** **2017**

**(in thousands)**
Beginning balance, as of January 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 43,395 $ 36,263 $ 38,958
Additions:
Tax positions for current year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,322 4,716 8,208
Tax positions for prior years . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8,043 2,626 199
Reductions:
Tax positions for prior years . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (31,397) (153) (10,573)
Expiration of statutes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (183) (57) (325)
Settlements with tax authorities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — — (204)

Ending balance as of December 31 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 21,180 $ 43,395 $ 36,263

Current year additions relate to federal and state research credits. Prior year additions primarily relate to
stock-based compensation. Prior year reductions are primarily composed of federal and state reserves related to
transfer pricing and research credits and resulted from the completion of the 2015 U.S. federal audit in the first
quarter of 2019.

Of the $21.2 million of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2019, $12.7 million would impact the
consolidated income tax rate if ultimately recognized. The remaining $8.5 million would impact deferred taxes if
recognized.

Teradyne does not anticipate a material change in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of
December 31, 2019 in the next twelve months.

Teradyne records all interest and penalties related to income taxes as a component of income tax expense.
Accrued interest and penalties related to income tax items at December 31, 2019 and 2018 amounted to
$1.4 million and $0.3 million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, expense of
$1.1 million, expense of $0.1 million and benefit of $0.1 million, respectively, was recorded for interest and
penalties related to income tax items.

Teradyne is subject to U.S. federal income tax, as well as income tax in multiple state, local and foreign
jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2019, all material state and local income tax matters have been concluded
through 2013, all material federal income tax matters have been concluded through 2015 and all material foreign
income tax matters have been concluded through 2011. However, in some jurisdictions, including the United
States, operating losses and tax credits may be subject to adjustment until such time as they are utilized and the
year of utilization is closed to adjustment.

As of December 31, 2019, Teradyne is not permanently reinvested with respect to the unremitted earnings
of non-U.S. subsidiaries to the extent that those earnings exceed local statutory and operational requirements.
Remittance of those earnings is not expected to result in material income tax.

**T.** **OPERATING SEGMENT, GEOGRAPHIC AND SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMER INFORMATION**

Teradyne has four reportable segments (Semiconductor Test, Industrial Automation, System Test and
Wireless Test). Each of the Semiconductor Test, System Test, and Wireless Test segments is also an individual

101


-----

operating segment. The Industrial Automation reportable segment consists of operating segments with discrete
financial information, which have been combined into one reportable segment as they share similar economic
characteristics, types of products, production processes, distribution channels, and currency risks. The
Semiconductor Test segment includes operations related to the design, manufacturing and marketing of
semiconductor test products and services. The System Test segment includes operations related to the design,
manufacturing and marketing of products and services for defense/aerospace instrumentation test, storage test
and circuit-board test. The Industrial Automation segment includes operations related to the design,
manufacturing and marketing of collaborative robotic arms, autonomous mobile robots and advanced robotic
control software. The Wireless Test segment includes operations related to the design, manufacturing and
marketing of wireless test products and services.

Teradyne evaluates performance based on several factors, of which the primary financial measure is
business segment income (loss) before income taxes. The accounting policies of the business segments are the
same as those described in Note B: “Accounting Policies.”

Segment information for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017 is as follows:


**Semiconductor**
**Test**


**Industrial**
**Automation**


**System**
**Test**


**Wireless**
**Test**


**Corporate**
**And Other** **Consolidated**


**(in thousands)**
**2019**
Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $1,552,571 $298,139 $287,455 $157,315 $ (515)$2,294,965
Income (loss) before taxes (1)(2) . . . . 416,973 (5,916) 93,543 35,585 (14,413) 525,772
Total assets (3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 784,808 671,559 131,428 97,299 1,101,920 2,787,014
Property additions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 112,145 9,076 3,059 10,362 — 134,642
Depreciation and amortization
expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 59,197 40,904 5,518 5,365 9,671 120,655
**2018**
Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $1,492,417 $261,452 $216,132 $132,006 $ (1,205)$2,100,802
Income (loss) before taxes (1)(2) . . . . 397,645 7,670 48,857 29,052 (15,423) 467,801
Total assets (3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 669,452 607,502 88,098 77,570 1,263,984 2,706,606
Property additions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 94,496 11,188 3,469 5,226 — 114,379
Depreciation and amortization
expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 58,095 36,755 6,430 5,328 6,616 113,224
**2017**
Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $1,662,549 $170,056 $192,135 $111,866 $ — $2,136,606
Income (loss) before taxes (1)(2) . . . . 491,361 8,763 10,305 17,350 (3,368) 524,411
Total assets (3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 597,480 368,037 97,018 59,912 1,987,098 3,109,545
Property additions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 87,920 7,044 5,976 4,435 — 105,375
Depreciation and amortization
expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 58,901 25,711 6,646 5,392 11,425 108,075

(1) Included in Corporate and Other are: contingent consideration adjustments, investment impairment, pension
and postretirement plans actuarial gains (losses), severance charges, property insurance recovery related to
the Japan earthquake, interest income, interest expense, net foreign exchange gains (losses), intercompany
eliminations and acquisition related charges.
(2) Included in income (loss) before taxes are charges and credits related to restructuring and other, and
inventory charges.
(3) Total assets are attributable to each segment. Corporate assets consist of cash and cash equivalents,
marketable securities and certain other assets.

102


-----

Included in each segment are charges and credits in the following line items in the statements of operations:

**For the Year Ended December 31,**

**2019** **2018** **2017**

**(in thousands)**
**Semiconductor Test:**
Cost of revenues—inventory charge . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 8,731 $ 6,822 $ 4,606
Restructuring and other—employee severance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,277 8,429 1,779
Restructuring and other—impairment of fixed assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — — 1,124
**Industrial Automation:**
Restructuring and other—employee severance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 796 $ — $ 1,414
Restructuring and other—acquisition related expenses and compensation . . . . . . 741 1,163 —
Cost of revenues—inventory charge . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 508 680 —
**System Test:**
Cost of revenues—inventory charge . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 2,000 $ 1,175 $ 1,918
**Wireless:**
Cost of revenues—inventory charge . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 4,005 $ 2,565 $ 2,190
Restructuring and other—lease impairment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — — 972
**Corporate and Other:**
Restructuring and other—MiR contingent consideration adjustment . . . . . . . . . . $(22,199) $ 17,666 $ —
Other (income) expense, net—investment impairment charge . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15,000 — —
Restructuring and other—AutoGuide contingent consideration adjustment . . . . . 2,976 — —
Selling and administrative—equity modification charge . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2,108 — —
Restructuring and other—acquisition related expenses and compensation . . . . . . 1,765 3,422 —
Restructuring and other—Universal Robots contingent consideration
adjustment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — (16,679) 7,820
Restructuring and other—property insurance recovery related to Japan
earthquake . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . — — (5,064)

Information as to Teradyne’s revenues by country is as follows:

**2019** **2018** **2017**

**(in thousands)**
Revenues from customers (1):
China . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 514,327 $ 348,942 $ 260,451
Taiwan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 485,681 516,322 687,031
United States . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 333,059 282,869 252,516
Korea . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 239,504 163,224 206,819
Europe . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 219,015 223,207 163,715
Japan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 175,322 158,281 169,093
Thailand . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 87,503 59,184 29,566
Singapore . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 84,111 108,618 101,085
Malaysia . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 58,200 122,797 124,048
Philippines . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 54,560 77,996 105,850
Rest of the World . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43,683 39,362 36,432

$2,294,965 $2,100,802 $2,136,606

(1) Revenues attributable to a country are based on location of customer site.

In 2019 and 2018, no single direct customer accounted for more than 10% of Teradyne’s consolidated
revenues. In 2017, revenues from Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd. accounted for 13% of its
consolidated revenues. Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd. is a customer of Teradyne’s
Semiconductor Test segment. Teradyne estimates consolidated revenues driven by Huawei Technologies Co.

103


-----

Ltd. (“Huawei”), combining direct sales to that customer with sales to the customer’s OSATs, accounted for
approximately 11% and 4% of its consolidated revenues in 2019 and 2018, respectively. Teradyne estimates
consolidated revenues driven by another OEM customer, combining direct sales to that customer with sales to the
customer’s OSATs (which include Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd.), accounted for
approximately 10%, 13% and 22% of its consolidated revenues in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.

Long-lived assets by geographic area:

**United States** **Foreign(1)** **Total**

**(in thousands)**
December 31, 2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $252,812 $124,943 $377,755
December 31, 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $209,368 $ 70,453 $279,821

(1) As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, long-lived assets attributable to Singapore were $35.2 million and
$19.4 million, respectively.

**U.** **STOCK REPURCHASE PROGRAM**

In December 2016, Teradyne’s Board of Directors approved a $500.0 million share repurchase authorization
which commenced on January 1, 2017. The cumulative repurchases as of December 31, 2017 totaled 5.8 million
shares of common stock for $200.0 million at an average price per share of $34.30.

In January 2018, Teradyne’s Board of Directors cancelled the December 2016 stock repurchase program
and authorized a new stock repurchase program for up to $1.5 billion of common stock. In 2019, Teradyne
repurchased 10.9 million shares of common stock for $500.0 million at an average price per share of $45.89. In
2018, Teradyne repurchased 21.6 million shares of common stock for $823.5 million at an average price per
share of $38.06. The cumulative repurchases as of December 31, 2019 totaled 32.5 million shares of common
stock for $1,323.0 million at an average price per share of $40.68.

In January 2020, Teradyne’s Board of Directors cancelled the January 2018 repurchase program and
approved a new stock repurchase program for up to $1.0 billion of common stock. Teradyne intends to
repurchase a minimum of $250.0 million in 2020.

**V.** **SUBSEQUENT EVENTS**

In January 2020, Teradyne’s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per share to be
paid on March 20, 2020 to shareholders of record as of February 21, 2020.

While Teradyne declared a quarterly cash dividend and authorized a share repurchase program, it may
reduce or eliminate the cash dividend or share repurchase program in the future. Future cash dividends and stock
repurchases are subject to the discretion of Teradyne’s Board of Directors which will consider, among other
things, Teradyne’s earnings, capital requirements and financial condition.

On February 28, 2020, RealWear’s debt holder demanded repayment of its $25.0 million loan to RealWear.
As a result, in the fourth quarter of 2019, Teradyne recorded an impairment charge of $15.0 million to reduce its
investment in RealWear to zero as of December 31, 2019.

104


-----

**SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION**
**(Unaudited)**

The following sets forth certain unaudited consolidated quarterly statements of operations data for each of
Teradyne’s last eight quarters. In management’s opinion, this quarterly information reflects all adjustments,
consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair statement for the periods presented. Such
quarterly results are not necessarily indicative of future results of operations and should be read in conjunction
with the audited consolidated financial statements of Teradyne and the notes thereto included elsewhere herein.

**2019**

**1st Quarter** **2nd Quarter** **3rd Quarter** **4th Quarter**

**(1)** **(2)** **(3)** **(4)(5)(6)**
**(in thousands, except per share amounts)**
Revenues:
Products . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $393,442 $457,511 $488,170 $548,552
Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 100,657 106,667 93,868 106,098

Total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 494,099 564,178 582,038 654,650
Cost of revenues:
Cost of products . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 165,368 193,299 197,196 226,184
Cost of services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41,096 46,961 39,804 45,228

Total cost of revenues (exclusive of acquired
intangible assets amortization shown separately
below) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 206,464 240,260 237,000 271,412

Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 287,635 323,918 345,038 383,238

Operating expenses:
Selling and administrative . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 102,013 108,811 109,166 117,092
Engineering and development . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 76,791 81,434 77,804 86,794
Acquired intangible assets amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10,634 10,083 9,647 9,784
Restructuring and other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5,112 (10,404) (6,500) (2,088)

Total operating expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 194,550 189,924 190,117 211,582

Income from operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 93,085 133,994 154,921 171,656
Non-operating (income) expense:
Interest income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (8,052) (5,430) (5,159) (6,145)
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5,713 5,800 5,682 5,950
Other (income) expense, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,445 2,447 2,665 22,965

Income before income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 93,979 131,177 151,733 148,886
Income tax (benefit) provision . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (15,159) 33,780 15,873 23,811

Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $109,138 $ 97,397 $135,860 $125,075

Net income per common share—basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 0.63 $ 0.57 $ 0.80 $ 0.75

Net income per common share—diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 0.62 $ 0.55 $ 0.75 $ 0.69

Cash dividend declared per common share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 0.09 $ 0.09 $ 0.09 $ 0.09

(1) Restructuring and other includes a $3.0 million fair value adjustment to increase the MiR acquisition
contingent consideration, $1.3 million of acquisition related expenses and compensation and $0.8 million of
employee severance charges.
(2) Restructuring and other includes a $11.7 million gain for the decrease in the fair value of the MiR
contingent consideration liability, partially offset by $0.8 million of employee severance charges and
$0.5 million of acquisition related expenses and compensation.

105


-----

(3) Restructuring and other includes a $7.8 million gain for the decrease in the fair value of MiR contingent
consideration liability, partially offset by $0.8 million of employee severance charges and $0.5 million of
acquisition related expenses and compensation.
(4) Restructuring and other includes a $5.8 million gain for the decrease in the fair value adjustment to the MiR
acquisition contingent consideration, partially offset by a $3.0 million fair value adjustment to increase the
AutoGuide acquisition contingent consideration, $0.5 million of employee severance charges and
$0.2 million of acquisition related expenses and compensation.
(5) Teradyne recorded pension and post retirement net actuarial losses of $7.7 million for the fourth quarter in
2019. See Note B: “Accounting Policies” for a discussion of Teradyne’s accounting policy.
(6) Other (income) expense, net includes a $15.0 million charge for the impairment of the investment in
RealWear.

**2018**

**1st Quarter** **2nd Quarter** **3rd Quarter** **4th Quarter**

**(1)** **(2)** **(3)** **(4)(5)**
**(in thousands, except per share amounts)**
Revenues:
Products . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $403,925 $434,051 $470,994 $420,652
Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 83,542 92,878 95,854 98,906

Total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 487,467 526,929 566,848 519,558
Cost of revenues:
Cost of products . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 180,958 180,777 195,339 170,064
Cost of services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36,677 38,818 37,816 39,959

Total cost of revenues (exclusive of acquired
intangible assets amortization shown separately
below) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 217,635 219,595 233,155 210,023

Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 269,832 307,334 333,693 309,535

Operating expenses:
Selling and administrative . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 90,505 99,410 100,202 100,552
Engineering and development . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 74,408 75,342 77,049 74,706
Acquired intangible assets amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7,698 9,793 11,142 10,558
Restructuring and other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (313) 2,389 1,710 11,446

Total operating expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 172,298 186,934 190,103 197,262

Income from operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 97,534 120,400 143,590 112,273
Non-operating (income) expense:
Interest income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (5,981) (5,427) (6,213) (9,083)
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6,890 5,639 5,557 13,182
Other (income) expense, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 805 176 3,405 (2,954)

Income before income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 95,820 120,012 140,841 111,128
Income tax provision (benefit) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8,846 18,975 20,863 (32,662)

Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 86,974 $101,037 $119,978 $143,790

Net income per common share—basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 0.45 $ 0.53 $ 0.65 $ 0.80

Net income per common share—diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 0.43 $ 0.52 $ 0.63 $ 0.79

Cash dividend declared per common share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 0.09 $ 0.09 $ 0.09 $ 0.09

(1) Restructuring and other includes a $3.5 million gain for the decrease in the fair value of the Universal
Robots contingent consideration liability, partially offset by $2.5 million of acquisition related expenses and
compensation and $2.4 million of employee severance charges.

106


-----

(2) Restructuring and other includes a $5.0 million gain for the decrease in the fair value of the Universal
Robots contingent consideration liability, partially offset by $3.9 million of employee severance charges and
$0.8 million of acquisition related expenses and compensation.
(3) Restructuring and other includes $1.7 million of employee severance charges, $0.8 million of acquisition
related expenses and compensation, partially offset by a $0.8 million gain for the decrease in the fair value
of the Universal Robots contingent consideration liability.
(4) Restructuring and other includes a $17.7 million fair value adjustment to increase the MiR acquisition
contingent consideration, $0.8 million of employee severance charges, and $0.5 million acquisition related
expenses and compensation, partially offset by a $7.4 million gain for the decrease in the fair value of the
Universal Robots contingent consideration liability.
(5) Teradyne recorded pension and post retirement net actuarial gains of $3.5 million for the fourth quarter in
2018. See Note B: “Accounting Policies” for a discussion of Teradyne’s accounting policy.

**Item 9:** **_Changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure_**

None.

**Item 9A: Controls and procedures**

**Disclosure Controls and Procedures**

As of the end of the period covered by this report, our management, with the participation of our CEO and
CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b)
promulgated under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of the
end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that
material information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms,
including ensuring that such material information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

**Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting**

There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth fiscal quarter ended
December 31, 2019 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting.

**Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting**

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control—Integrated
_Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based_
on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013), our management
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2019.

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019 has been audited
by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report
which is included under Item 8 of this Annual Report.

**Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls**

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that

107


-----

controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate.

**Item 9B: Other Information**

None.

108


-----

**PART III**

**Item 10:** **_Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance_**

Certain information relating to our directors and executive officers, committee information, reports and
charters, executive compensation, security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related
stockholder matters, and certain relationships and related transactions is incorporated by reference herein from
our definitive proxy statement in connection with our Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 8,
2020. The proxy statement will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year. For
this purpose, the Compensation Committee Report included in such proxy statement is specifically not
incorporated herein. Also see “Item 1: Business—Our Executive Officers.”

**Item 11:** **_Executive Compensation_**

Certain information relating to our directors and executive officers, executive compensation, security
ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters, and certain
relationships and related transactions is incorporated by reference herein from our definitive proxy statement in
connection with our Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 8, 2020. The proxy statement will be
filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year. For this purpose, the Compensation
Committee Report included in such proxy statement is specifically not incorporated herein.

**Item 12:** **_Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder_**
**_Matters_**

Certain information relating to our directors and executive officers, executive compensation, security
ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters, and certain
relationships and related transactions is incorporated by reference herein from our definitive proxy statement in
connection with our Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 8, 2020. The proxy statement will be filed
with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year. For this purpose, the Compensation
Committee Report included in such proxy statement is specifically not incorporated herein. Also see
“Item 7: Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Equity
Compensation Plans.”

**Item 13:** **_Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence_**

Certain information relating to our directors and executive officers, executive compensation, security
ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters, and certain
relationships and related transactions is incorporated by reference herein from our definitive proxy statement in
connection with our Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 8, 2020. The proxy statement will be
filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year. For this purpose, the Compensation
Committee Report included in such proxy statement is specifically not incorporated herein.

**Item 14:** **_Principal Accountant Fees and Services_**

Certain information relating to audit fees and other of Teradyne’s independent registered public accounting
firm is incorporated by reference herein from our definitive proxy statement in connection with our Annual
Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 8, 2020. The proxy statement will be filed with the SEC not later
than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year. For this purpose, the Audit Committee Report included in such
proxy statement is specifically not incorporated herein.

109


-----

**PART IV**

**Item 15:** **_Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule._**

**15(a)(1) Financial Statements**

The following consolidated financial statements are included in Item 8:

**Page**

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 46
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 . . . . . . . . . 47
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and
2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 48
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and
2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 49
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 . . . . . . . . . 50

**15(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedule**

The following consolidated financial statement schedule is included in Item 15(c):

Schedule II—Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

Schedules other than those listed above have been omitted since they are either not required or information
is otherwise included.

**15(a)(3) Listing of Exhibits**

The Exhibits which are filed with this report or which are incorporated by reference herein are set forth in
the Exhibit Index.

**15(c) Financial Statement Schedules**

110


-----

**TERADYNE, INC.**

**SCHEDULE II—VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS**

**Column A** **Column B** **Column C** **Column D** **Column E** **Column F**


**Additions**
**Charged to**
**Cost and Expenses** **Other** **Deductions**


**Balance at**
**Beginning of Period**


**Balance at**
**End of Period**


**Description**


**(in thousands)**
Valuation reserve deducted in the balance
sheet from the asset to which it applies:
Accounts receivable:
2019 Allowance for doubtful account . . . . . $1,673 $87 $28 $ 52 $1,736

2018 Allowance for doubtful account . . . . . $2,219 $— $20 $566 $1,673

2017 Allowance for doubtful accounts . . . . $2,356 $ 4 $— $141 $2,219

**Column A** **Column B** **Column C** **Column D** **Column E** **Column F**


**Additions**
**Charged to**
**Cost and Expenses** **Other** **Deductions**


**Balance at**
**Beginning of Period**


**Balance at**
**End of Period**


**Description**


**(in thousands)**
Valuation reserve deducted in the balance
sheet from the asset to which it applies:
Inventory:
2019 Inventory reserve . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $100,779 $15,244 $ (85) $12,382 $103,556

2018 Inventory reserve . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $102,896 $11,242 $ 368 $13,727 $100,779

2017 Inventory reserve . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $116,016 $ 8,844 $(126) $21,838 $102,896

**Column A** **Column B** **Column C** **Column D** **Column E** **Column F**


**Additions**
**Charged to**
**Cost and Expenses** **Other** **Deductions**


**Balance at**
**Beginning of Period**


**Balance at**
**End of Period**


**Description**


**(in thousands)**
Valuation reserve deducted in the balance
sheet from the asset to which it applies:
Deferred taxes:
2019 Valuation allowance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $69,852 $ 7,325 $— $— $77,177

2018 Valuation allowance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $63,919 $ 6,333 $— $400 $69,852

2017 Valuation allowance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $48,369 $15,571 $— $ 21 $63,919

**Item 16:** **_Form 10-K Summary_**

Not applicable.

111


-----

**EXHIBIT INDEX**

The following designated exhibits are, as indicated below, either filed herewith or have heretofore been filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are referred to and incorporated by reference to such filings.

**Exhibit**
**No.** **Description** **SEC Document Reference**


2.1 Share Sale and Purchase Agreement to and
among Teradyne Robotics Holdings Denmark
ApS, Teradyne, Inc. and the shareholders of
Mobile Industrial Robots ApS dated April 25,
2018.

2.2 Amendment No. 1 dated as of October 10, 2019
to Share Sale and Purchase Agreement by and
among Teradyne Robotics Holdings Denmark
ApS, Teradyne, Inc. and the former
shareholders of Mobile Industrial Robots ApS.


Exhibit 2.1 to Teradyne’s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 1, 2018.

Filed herewith.


3.1 Restated Articles of Organization. Exhibit 3.1 to Teradyne’s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2018.

3.2 Amended and Restated By-laws, as amended. Exhibit 3.1 to Teradyne’s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
2007.


4.1 Indenture dated as of December 12, 2016,
between Teradyne Inc. and Wilmington Trust,
National Association, as trustee.

4.2 Description of Teradyne, Inc. Securities
Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange
Act.

10.1† Standard Manufacturing Agreement entered into
as of November 24, 2003 by and between
Teradyne and Solectron.

10.2† Second Amendment to Standard Manufacturing
Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2007, by
and between Teradyne and Solectron.

10.3† Sixth Amendment to Standard Manufacturing
Agreement, dated as of July 27, 2009, by and
between Teradyne and Flextronics Corporation.

10.4 Addendum to Standard Manufacturing
Agreement (Authorized Purchase
Agreement)—Revised July 1, 2010.

10.5 Eighth Amendment to Standard Manufacturing
Agreement, dated as of April 13, 2012, by and
between Teradyne and Flextronics Sales &
Marketing North Asia (L) LTD.

112


Exhibit 4.1 to Teradyne’s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed on December 12, 2016.

Filed herewith.

Exhibit 10.1 to Teradyne’s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
2007.

Exhibit 10.3 to Teradyne’s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
2007.

Exhibit 10.5 to Teradyne’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2009.

Exhibit 10.6 to Teradyne’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2010.

Exhibit 10.7 to Teradyne’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2012.


-----

**Exhibit**
**No.** **Description** **SEC Document Reference**


10.6† Ninth Amendment to Standard Manufacturing
Agreement, dated as of September 17, 2012, by
and between Teradyne and Flextronics Sales &
Marketing North Asia (L) LTD.


Exhibit 10.8 to Teradyne’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2012.


10.7 2006 Equity and Cash Compensation Incentive Exhibit 10.9 to Teradyne’s Annual Report on
Plan, as amended.* Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2018.

10.8 Danish Sub-Plan to the 2006 Equity and Cash Exhibit 10.10 to Teradyne’s Annual Report on
Compensation Incentive Plan. Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2018.


10.9 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock
Unit Agreement for Executive Officers under
2006 Equity and Cash Compensation Incentive
Plan.*

10.10 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit
Agreement for Executive Officers under 2006
Equity and Cash Compensation Incentive
Plan.*

10.11 Form of Executive Officer Stock Option
Agreement under 2006 Equity and Cash
Compensation Incentive Plan, as amended.*

10.12 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for
Directors under 2006 Equity and Cash
Compensation Incentive Plan.*


Exhibit 10.10 to Teradyne’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2017.

Exhibit 10.11 to Teradyne’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2017.

Exhibit 10.15 to Teradyne’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2017.

Exhibit 10.12 to Teradyne’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2016.


10.13 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as Exhibit 10.15 to Teradyne’s Annual Report on
amended.* Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2018.


10.14 Sub-Plan to the 1996 Employee Stock Purchase
Plan for participants located in the European
Union /European Economic Area.


Filed herewith.


10.15 Danish Sub-Plan to the 1996 Employee Stock Filed herewith.
Purchase Plan.

10.16 Deferral Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as Exhibit 10.2 to Teradyne’s Quarterly Report on
amended.* form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28,
2008.

10.17 Supplemental Savings Plan, as amended and Exhibit 10.18 to Teradyne’s Annual Report on
restated.* Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2008.

10.18 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as Exhibit 10.19 to Teradyne’s Annual Report on
restated.* Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2008.


10.19 Agreement Regarding Termination Benefits dated
January 22, 2014 between Teradyne and Mark
Jagiela.*

113


Exhibit 10.24 to Teradyne’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2013.


-----

**Exhibit**
**No.** **Description** **SEC Document Reference**

10.20 Employment Agreement dated May 7, 2004 Exhibit 10.37 to Teradyne’s Quarterly Report on
between Teradyne and Mark Jagiela.* Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 4, 2004.


10.21 Executive Officer Retirement Agreement dated
July 17, 2019 between Teradyne and Gregory
R. Beecher.*

10.22 Executive Officer Change in Control Agreement
dated January 22, 2014 between Teradyne and
Mark Jagiela, as amended.*

10.23 Amended and Restated Executive Officer Change
in Control Agreement dated May 26, 2009
between Teradyne and Charles J. Gray, as
amended.*


Exhibit 10.1 to Teradyne’s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,
2019.

Exhibit 10.29 to Teradyne’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2013.

Exhibit 10.30 to Teradyne’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2012.


10.24 Employment Agreement dated July 24, 2009 Exhibit 10.1 to Teradyne’s Quarterly Report on
between Teradyne and Charles J. Gray.* Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 4, 2010.


10.25 Amended and Restated Executive Officer Change
in Control Agreement dated June 30, 2012
between Teradyne and Walter G. Vahey, as
amended.*


Exhibit 10.32 to Teradyne’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2012.


10.26 Employment Agreement dated February 6, 2013 Exhibit 10.33 to Teradyne’s Annual Report on
between Teradyne and Walter G. Vahey.* Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2012.


10.27 Executive Officer Change in Control Agreement
dated September 1, 2014 between Teradyne,
Inc. and Bradford Robbins.*


Exhibit 10.1 to Teradyne’s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28,
2014.


10.28 Employment Agreement dated September 1, 2014 Exhibit 10.2 to Teradyne’s Quarterly Report on
between Teradyne, Inc. and Bradford Robbins.* Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28,
2014.


10.29 Executive Change in Control Agreement dated
February 8, 2016 between Teradyne, Inc. and
Greg Smith.


Exhibit 10.1 to Teradyne’s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 3, 2016.


10.30 Employment Agreement dated February 8, 2016 Exhibit 10.2 to Teradyne’s Quarterly Report on
between Teradyne, Inc. and Greg Smith. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 3, 2016.

10.31 Teradyne Offer of Employment dated February 8, Exhibit 10.1 to Teradyne’s Quarterly Report on
2019 for Sanjay Mehta.* Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31,
2019.


10.32 Executive Officer Change in Control Agreement
dated April 25, 2019 between Teradyne, Inc.
and Sanjay Mehta.*


Exhibit 10.2 to Teradyne’s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31,
2019.


10.33 Employment Agreement dated April 25, 2019 Exhibit 10.3 to Teradyne’s Quarterly Report on
between Teradyne, Inc. and Sanjay Mehta.* Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31,
2019.


10.34 Agreement Regarding Termination Benefits dated
April 25, 2019 between Teradyne, Inc. and
Sanjay Mehta.*

114


Exhibit 10.4 to Teradyne’s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31,
2019.


-----

**Exhibit**
**No.** **Description** **SEC Document Reference**


10.35 Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
dated May 1, 2019 for Sanjay Mehta under
2006 Equity and Cash Compensation Plan.*


Exhibit 10.5 to Teradyne’s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31,
2019.


10.36 Form of Indemnification Agreement.* Exhibit 10.24 to Teradyne’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2006.

10.37 LitePoint Corporation 2002 Stock Plan. Exhibit 10.43 to Teradyne’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2011.


10.38 Letter Agreement, dated December 6, 2016,
between Barclays Bank PLC and Teradyne,
Inc., regarding the Base Warrants.

10.39 Letter Agreement, dated December 6, 2016,
between Bank of America, N.A., and Teradyne,
Inc. regarding the Base Warrants.

10.40 Letter Agreement, dated December 6, 2016,
between Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association and Teradyne, Inc. regarding the
Base Warrants.

10.41 Letter Agreement, dated December 6, 2016,
between Barclays Bank PLC and Teradyne,
Inc. regarding the Base Call Option
Transaction.

10.42 Letter Agreement, dated December 6, 2016,
between Bank of America, N.A. and Teradyne,
Inc. regarding the Base Call Option
Transaction.

10.43 Letter Agreement, dated December 6, 2016,
between Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association and Teradyne, Inc. regarding the
Base Call Option Transaction.

10.44 Letter Agreement, dated December 9, 2016,
between Barclays Bank PLC and Teradyne,
Inc., regarding the Additional Warrants

10.45 Letter Agreement, dated December 9, 2016,
between Bank of America, N.A., and Teradyne,
Inc. regarding the Additional Warrants.

10.46 Letter Agreement, dated December 9, 2016,
between Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association and Teradyne, Inc. regarding the
Additional Warrants.

10.47 Letter Agreement, dated December 9, 2016,
between Barclays Bank PLC and Teradyne,
Inc. regarding the Additional Call Option
Transaction.

115


Exhibit 10.1 to Teradyne’s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed December 12, 2016.

Exhibit 10.2 to Teradyne’s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed December 12, 2016.

Exhibit 10.3 to Teradyne’s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed December 12, 2016.

Exhibit 10.4 to Teradyne’s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed December 12, 2016.

Exhibit 10.5 to Teradyne’s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed December 12, 2016.

Exhibit 10.6 to Teradyne’s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed December 12, 2016.

Exhibit 10.7 to Teradyne’s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed December 12, 2016.

Exhibit 10.8 to Teradyne’s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed December 12, 2016.

Exhibit 10.9 to Teradyne’s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed December 12, 2016.

Exhibit 10.10 to Teradyne’s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed December 12, 2016.


-----

**Exhibit**
**No.** **Description** **SEC Document Reference**


10.48 Letter Agreement, dated December 9, 2016,
between Bank of America, N.A. and Teradyne,
Inc. regarding the Additional Call Option
Transaction

10.49 Letter Agreement, dated December 9, 2016,
between Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association and Teradyne, Inc. regarding the
Additional Call Option Transaction.


Exhibit 10.11 to Teradyne’s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed December 12, 2016.

Exhibit 10.12 to Teradyne’s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed December 12, 2016.


21.1 Subsidiaries of Teradyne. Filed herewith.

23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Filed herewith.

31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Filed herewith.
Executive Officer.

31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Filed herewith.
Financial Officer.

32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Furnished herewith.
Officer.

32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Furnished herewith.
Officer.

101 The following financial information from
Teradyne, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019,
formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business
Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance
Sheets as of December 31, 2019 and
December 31, 2018, (ii) Consolidated Statements
of Operations for the years ended December 31,
2019, 2018 and 2017, (iii) Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for
the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and
2017 (iv) Consolidated Statements
of Shareholders’ Equity for the years ended
December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, (v)
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017,
and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.

104 The cover page of the Annual Report on Form
10-K formatted in Inline XBRL (included in
Exhibit 101).

† -Confidential treatment granted.
-  -Management contract or compensatory plan.

116


-----

**SIGNATURES**

**Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the**
**registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly**
**authorized this 2nd day of March, 2020.**

TERADYNE, INC.

By: /S/ SANJAY MEHTA

**Sanjay Mehta,**
**Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and**
**Treasurer**

**Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed**
**below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.**

**Signature** **Title** **Date**

/S/ ROY A. VALLEE Chair of the Board March 2, 2020

**Roy A. Vallee**


/S/ MARK E. JAGIELA Chief Executive Officer (Principal March 2, 2020

**Mark E. Jagiela** Executive Officer) and Director


/S/ SANJAY MEHTA Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

**Sanjay Mehta** and Treasurer (Principal
Financial and Accounting Officer)


March 2, 2020


/S/ MICHAEL A. BRADLEY Director March 2, 2020

**Michael A. Bradley**

/S/ EDWIN J. GILLIS Director March 2, 2020

**Edwin J. Gillis**


/S/ TIMOTHY E. GUERTIN Director March 2, 2020

**Timothy E. Guertin**

/S/ MERCEDES JOHNSON Director March 2, 2020

**Mercedes Johnson**


/S/ MARILYN MATZ Director March 2, 2020

**Marilyn Matz**

/S/ PAUL J. TUFANO Director March 2, 2020

**Paul J. Tufano**

117


-----

**Exhibit 21.1**

**Present Subsidiaries**

**State or Jurisdiction Of** **Percentage of Voting**
**Entity Name:** **Incorporation** **Securities Owned**
Teradyne (Asia) Pte., Ltd. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Singapore 100%*
Teradyne Canada Limited. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Canada 100%
Teradyne de Costa Rica S.R.L. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Costa Rica 100%
Teradyne GmbH . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Germany 100%*
Teradyne Holdings Denmark ApS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Denmark 100%*
Teradyne (India) Engineering Private Ltd. . . . . . . . . . India 100%*
Teradyne International Holdings B.V. . . . . . . . . . . . . The Netherlands 100%
Teradyne International UK Holdings Ltd. . . . . . . . . . United Kingdom 100%*
Teradyne Italia SrL . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Italy 100%*
Teradyne K.K. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Japan 100%
Teradyne Korea Ltd. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Korea 100%*
Teradyne Limited. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . United Kingdom 100%*
Teradyne Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Malaysia 99%*
Teradyne Philippines Limited. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Delaware 100%
Teradyne Robotics Holdings Denmark ApS . . . . . . . . Denmark 100%*
Teradyne SAS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . France 100%
Teradyne (Shanghai) Co., Ltd . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Peoples Republic of China 100%*
Teradyne Taiwan LLC. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Delaware 100%*
Teradyne Thailand Ltd. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Delaware 100%
Energid Technologies Corporation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Florida 100%
GenRad, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Delaware 100%
Herco Technology Corp. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . California 100%
P.L.S.T., Inc. (f/k/a Perception Laminates, Inc.) . . . . California 100%
Eagle Test Systems, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Delaware 100%
Nextest Systems Corporation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Delaware 100%
Lemsys SA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Switzerland 100%*
LitePoint Corporation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Delaware 100%
LitePoint Europe A/S. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Denmark 100%*
LitePoint Technology Limited. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Hong Kong 100%*
LitePoint Technology (Shanghai) Company Ltd. . . . . Peoples Republic of China 100%*
LitePoint Japan K.K. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Japan 100%*
LitePoint Design Test, LLC. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . New Mexico 100%*
LitePoint Vietnam Limited . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Socialist Republic of Vietnam 100%*
Mobile Industrial Robots A/S . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Denmark 100%*
Mobile Industrial Robots, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Delaware 100%*
Mobile Industrial Robots GmbH . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Germany 100%*
Mobile Industrial Robots Pte. Ltd. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Singapore 100%*
MiR Robots S.L. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Spain 100%*
MiR Robots (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Peoples Republic of China 100%*
Universal Robots A/S . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Denmark 100%*
Universal Robots (Spain) S.L. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Spain 100%*
Universal Robots (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. . . . . . . . . . . . Singapore 100%*
Universal Robots (India) Pte. Ltd. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . India 100%*
Universal Robots (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. . . . . . . . . . . . . Peoples Republic of China 100%*
Universal Robots (USA), Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Delaware 100%*
Universal Robots GmbH . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Germany 100%*
Universal Robots Mexico S.A. de C.V. . . . . . . . . . . . Mexico 100%*
Universal Robots (UK) Ltd. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . United Kingdom 100%*
UR Technology (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. . . . . . . . . . . . . . People Republic of China 100%*
AutoGuide, LLC. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Delaware 100%

-  Indirect subsidiaries whose voting securities are 100% controlled by Teradyne, Inc.


-----

**Exhibit 23.1**

**CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM**

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos.
333-188824; 333-177246; 333-159723; 333-155564; 333-149017; 333-143231; 333-134519; 333-116632;
333-101983; 333-68074; 333-56373; 333-32547; and 333-07177) of Teradyne, Inc. of our report dated March 2,
2020 relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Boston, Massachusetts
March 2, 2020


-----

**EXHIBIT 31.1**


**CERTIFICATIONS**

I, Mark E. Jagiela, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Teradyne, Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant’s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of
an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s
internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant’s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 2, 2020

By: /S/ MARK E. JAGIELA

**Mark E. Jagiela**
**Chief Executive Officer**


-----

**EXHIBIT 31.2**

I, Sanjay Mehta, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Teradyne, Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant’s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of
an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s
internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant’s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 2, 2020

By: /S/ SANJAY MEHTA

**Sanjay Mehta**
**Chief Financial Officer**


-----

**EXHIBIT 32.1**

**CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO**
**18 U.S.C SECTION 1350,**
**AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO**
**SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002**

In connection with the Annual Report of Teradyne, Inc. (the “Company”) on Form 10-K for the period
ending December 31, 2019 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
“Report”), I, Mark E. Jagiela, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my
knowledge:

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.

/S/ MARK E. JAGIELA

**Mark E. Jagiela**
**Chief Executive Officer**

March 2, 2020


-----

**EXHIBIT 32.2**

**CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO**
**18 U.S.C SECTION 1350,**
**AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO**
**SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002**

In connection with the Annual Report of Teradyne, Inc. (the “Company”) on Form 10-K for the period
ending December 31, 2019 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
“Report”), I, Sanjay Mehta, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.

/S/ SANJAY MEHTA

**Sanjay Mehta**
**Chief Financial Officer**

March 2, 2020


-----

-----

